Incroyablement grand avec des belles boutiques et 8 étages complet . J'ai passé la journée là bas tout est propre même les toilettes
زحمه جدا
حلو فخم كشخة محترم ورايق ينفع للعوائل الخليجية خصوصا انه اه مدخل للمول واو
طبعا غني عن التعريف بتاع البشوات
Centro commerciale al Cairo . . . Molto grande e bello
Nice
Very nice shopping but expensive .
روعة جدا ولم اتوقع ان اجد مولا في مصر مثل هذا ، بصراحة اروع من مولات في السعودية .
ممتاز
المكان جميل انبسطنا فيه
مكن ممتاز لتسوق و لقضاء يوم مع الاولاد
This is our favorite family shopping spot in Cairo , where you’ll find numerous shops and a fantastic food court . Carrefour and Ikea make it a perfect shopping destination for families . Plus , there's plenty of parking available for your convenience .
One star should be generous ! The security think themselves angles protecting Jahnan ! Super rude No ramps for Handicapped or families with baby strollers ! ! ! ! ! No change tables in the washrooms They blocked the food court so you can’t bring a stroller in ! ! ! So many weird stuff resulted from poor planning and managmen
جيد جدا
مول مميز
مكان تحفه واكل جميل
مطعم صبحي كابر من المطاعم الشهيرة في مصر ويتميز بالطعم المصري الاصيل
Cibo di ottima qualità rispetto quello che c’è in giro a sharm . Servizio ottimo grazie ad Ali ( cameriere bravo )
الاكل نازل بارد والرز كان فيه شعره الاستيك ناشف جدا بجد تجربه وحشه جدا فصيام اول واخر مره فرع الشيخ زايد
Give them a small tip and they’ll treat you like a prince ! Stayed a couple days in Cairo before eating here and was struggling with the food in Egypt until we found this place we constantly went back
Decent enough food , lamb was overcooked but still good . Be warned that as a foreigner , every person you make eye contact with will expect baksheesh and ask for it without shame . Unfortunately common in Egypt but even so this place stood out as being extra horrible with even the manger saying my 15% tip wasn’t enough and that he also needs his baksheesh , and then the guy outside also doing the same . They do NOT do this for locals . Disgusting behaviour .
The best shopping mall with all the major brands . There is also a great kids’ play area , which makes it perfect for families .
I like it
احسن مول في مصر تجاري و مستوي نضافة فوق الممتاز
ينقصة الاهتمام بمواقف السيارات
Everything there
Acayip büyük bir AVM içeride aradığınız bir şey bulamamanız imkansız en ucuzundan en pahalısına her türlü mağaza ve restoran mevcur .
Big mall and clean
رائع
حلو جدا ومميز
Pretty big mal with lots of diff brands from home to beauty , sport and electronics with a huge food court . You can spend a half a day and discover the place there is a free wifi for guests too . The only downside was very difficult to find a uber spot but the rest was pretty good . For Eu traveler’s the prices in eu brands are way higher than back home .
جميل
مكان كتير حلو
خدمه رائعه طرق بسيطه ومتكامل
رائعه
جميل وفي كل الخدمات
Wonderful
Best Shopping Mall in Egypt
Amazing mall .
افضل مطاعم ومقاهي وملابس
متعة التسوق والكثير من المقاهي
مركز تجاري يخدم منطقة مصر الجديده واجوارها
À high end mall In the neighborhood of Heliopolis Excellent for ready - made garments , households , furniture or just sitting at one of the many cafes and restaurants
تمام
تمت
مكان جميل
Ich glaube die meisten Menschen fahren mehr herum als daß sie arbeiten . . Chaos .
مكان مزدحم جدا جدا جدا
مكان جيد و . . .
مكان مناسب بجميع الاعمار
Like it so much
روعة المحلات واماكن القهوه يستحق الزياره متنفس جيد للمشي والتنزه وتنوع المبيعات داخل الداون
Good
I really like this year's Christmas decorations ~ : christmas_tree : : green_heart : EMO_POS
تجربة ممتازة
عبارة مجمعات متفرقة اغلبه اثاث يوجد مطاعم ومقاهي لكن قليلة لايستحق العناء اليه …
جيد للمشتريات المنزليه
مول بسيط مش واو
محلات متنوعه في مكان مميز
حلو والله مش بتوه فية و صغير
Amazing : clapping_hands : place EMO_POS
very good
مركز تسوق : shopping_bags : كارفور سيتي سنتر المعادي متوفر جميع المحلات والبرندات اللي ممكن تحتاجها حاجة جميلة تستحق التجربة
حلو
• “فندق جميل وهادي ، والاهتمام بالتفاصيل واضح جدا . شكرا للادارة علي التجربة الرائعة
تحفه
Mahmoud , cristina , rahama perfect service
Wir waren im Hilton nur im Garden Court um etwas zu trinken . Der Service war grauenhaft . Die Servicekraft war sehr unhöflich und hat leider nur gebrochen englisch gesprochen , was schade ist aber an sich ja nicht schlimm . Aber dann nicht einmal ein kleines Lächeln und ein Okay wenn man eine Bestellung aufnimmt sondern nur ein unfreundliches Nicken? ! Ich bin entsetzt . Zudem schien es mir ziemlich unorganisiert , es fehlte mal eine Serviette , mal musste man extra nachfragen ob man ein Glas bekommen konnte nachdem man ein Wasser bestellt hatte da nur die Flasche gebracht wurde und dies dauerte dann auch noch über 10Minuten . Wir wurden auch mehrmals von der Servicekraft ignoriert wenn wir etwas bestellen wollten . Die Getränken waren jedoch gut und das Essen den Verhältnissen entsprechend auch .
Mohammed Gamal excelente anfitrion del hotel , me ayudó con el habla hispana , servicial , atento , me encantó la ubicación frente al Nilo La cama king excelente
Excellent place and their service fantastic
Friendly staff and great view
فندق رائع و خدمة ممتازه
Luxury with a great view
Top . . . Piscina , colazione , ambiente , posizione , Nilo , pub al 32 piano . . . top
The best of the hotel Christina and Rahma And ibrahim
Quarto um pouco datado , mas com cama confortável e espaçoso . As paredes e janelas necessitam de melhor isolamento . Staff fantástico , super acolhedor e disponível . Localização excelente lente muito perto do centro da cidade , da praça principal e do antigo museu egípcio .
مول حلو وقديم يعبر عن حضاره مصر
اشهر مولات مصر سابقا
مكان راقي لكن اسعار عالية
Bütün dükkanlar kapalı gitmeye değecek bir yer değil
افضل تجربة سينمائية
: ok_hand : : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
Shady
Lovely staff ! Friendly and helpful . Superior food selection . Centrally located . Pool was perfect .
Perfect Great
Schönes Hotel in der Mitte von Cairo . Saubere Zimmer guter Roomservice ( es gibt nur ein Frühstücks Restaurant ) . Zum alten egyptischen Museum kann man einfach über die Straße gehen . Leckeres Frühstück .
The perfect way to disconnect . Thank you for the amazing hospitality !
March 14 , 2014 explored the mall with friends .
افضل مكان للاطفال الصغار والكبار
مول عادي وقديمو اسعاره غاليه يتوفر به بعض ماكينات ATM
Very good Shopping : shopping_bags :
Best mall in Maadi
معروف المكان زحمة لا تحتمل
الزحمة
Un lugar loco , donde encontrarás muchisimas cosas y muy baratas
جيد
Brutal passejar per aquests carrers
هتلاقي اللي انتا عاوزه باسعار مختلفه وخامات واشكال متنوعه
مكان جيد جدا واسع
محل فاشل ومستهتر عاملين الاورد من ٣ عصر في رمضان ومغرب اذن والاكل مجاش واكلم واعمل شكوي ولا حد بيعبر ولا يهتم
محدش يطلب منهم يا جماعة : cross_mark : : cross_mark : : cross_mark : الاكل جاي بايت اقسم بالله ما يتاكل اتكلمنا اشتكينا راح قال هبدله كان المغرب اذن اصلا قولناله احنا خلاص قرفنا مش هنعرف ناكله ، وصلنا لمدير الفرع بقوله تقدر تطلع اكل زي دا الصالة يقولي "مستحيل ! ! ! ! " بجد حسبي الله ونعم الوكيل مفيش ضمير : cross_mark : : cross_mark : : cross_mark :
مطعم لطيف و اكله حلو
I recently visited Ibn Al Sham restaurant and it was a really enjoyable experience . The place has a very warm and welcoming atmosphere that immediately makes you feel comfortable . The decoration gives strong Levantine vibes , and the smell of freshly grilled food makes you excited to try everything on the menu . The food was honestly the highlight of the visit . Everything tasted fresh and full of flavor . The grilled meats were perfectly cooked , juicy , and well - seasoned . The shawarma was also very good , with soft bread and a generous amount of filling . One thing I really liked was the variety of appetizers . The hummus , fattoush , and mutabbal were all delicious and tasted very authentic . The portions were great as well , which makes the place perfect for sharing with friends or family . You can order a few dishes and everyone can try a bit of everything . The presentation of the food was simple but very appetizing . The staff were friendly and helpful throughout the visit . The service was relatively fast and they were attentive without being intrusive . Overall , Ibn Al Sham is a great place if you’re craving good Syrian and Levantine food . Between the tasty dishes , generous portions , and comfortable atmosphere , it’s definitely a spot worth visiting again . I would absolutely recommend it to anyone who enjoys flavorful Middle Eastern cuisine .
عالمي وجودة الطعام تستحق التقدير
اسوء تجربة مطعم جربتها في حياتي اقسم بالله انتظار الطاولة اكثر من نص ساعة انتظار العامل الي مايجي ياخذ طلبك اكثر من نص ساعة الطلب اكثر من نص ساعة انتظار وفي الاخير اكل بارد وطعمه زي الزفت الله يكرم النعمة
Tohfa
الاكل جميل _ الخدمة سيئة
Variety of different activities in the best location
متنوع الانشطه
مكان جميل خاصة لمن يحب البيتزا
Thanks to ahmed khaled : star - struck : : star - struck : : star - struck : : star - struck :
حقيقي مدير الفرع وصاحب المكان قمة في الاحترام والكرم والاخلاق ومحافظين جدا علي جودة ونظافة كل حاجة : heart_suit :
Perfect place and people EMO_POS Full support to the owner and branch manager very very kind people EMO_POS
المكان تحبه اوي و المعامل كويسه
Team garden the best
Teem garden To7fa EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
Teem garden to7fa
stuff tohfa awii w team garden khater w karim 3asol gdan gdan tohfa EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
Stuff tohfaa w team garden khater w Karim shater gdan bgd mkan tohfa moot EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
Karim ahla wahed w ashtar wahed w ahb ashkor team El garden EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
مكان راقي جدا وstaff محترم وذوق وبشكر استاذ علاء مدير المكان
Pure Italian in Egypt ! Lovely atmosphere and 4 options on seating - from a Nile cruise , to a rocking jetty and then a downstairs garden setting and upstairs street area . This does not distract from the LOVELY food and good service . You won't go wrong - try them !
انصح فيه بشدة
Very nice place polite staff
披薩是好吃的～ 義大利麵可以不用點 好死鹹 環境普通 看照片漂亮去的，還特地跑來 坐墊很髒又難做，服務員又很懶惰不積極
Not as good as I expected . From what I've read in the reviews , unfortunately , it's very average , even below average .
Ramadan Iftar was below average and overpriced . Appetizers/side dish was served cold and the croquettes were cold and not freshly cooked . Mushroom Soup was average . Pizza ( margarita and chicken ) was good . Staff were nice but had to ask for someone to clear the table and dessert was served cold as well ( nutella bites ) .
Diner en couple … excellent accueil tres jovial par une équipe des serveurs jeunes et dynamiques avons pris deux tagines : un au pigeon original mais excellent et un autre au boeuf et au gombo excellent aussi … attention en egypte les tagines n ont pas de semoule mais du riz en accompagnement . .
الاكل جميل جدا تسلم ايدكم : heart_suit : EMO_POS
رمضان في الدهان حاجة تانية
الخدمه ممتاز والاستاف محترم وكويسين اووي الدهان في رمضان حاجه تانيه EMO_POS EMO_POS
ممتازين
من اجمل المطاعم واكل لذيذ
خدمه ممتازة
The prefect original restaurant in Egypt
Food quality , service and atmosphere are very good
The food was vey great & the atmosphere is very good
Excellent service Vero lind
Très bon restaurant personnel sympathique
Bon service
Ok
Rico y eficaz El pan especialmente bueno
Super restau à midi . Serveur souriant et belle assiette .
After few days spent im Cairo finally I found the place where I could have tasty dinner . Service very accurate . What I don't like was service included and in menu there were net prices so we got additional position on the bill with some suspicious tax
Magnificent
ممتاز خاصة الفول
زحام
احلا سندوتش فول
Organized and tasty Egyptian food
Perfect breakfast , easy to park and getting order , caring about details .
مطعم جميل و اسعاره متوسطة و اكله لذيذ للغاية
مكان ممتاز
Tasty food
Normal food , very crowded , staff not friendly , no visa , no insta pay , only cash payment .
I love love Luuma ! ! ! Best pies and pizza ! Ive ordered chicken pesto pizza and the half nutella half lotus pie ! Scrumptious ! ! Also their pesto pasta is insanely good and the open buffet this ramadan didnt disappoint ! Totally recommend
Nous avons passer une excellente soirée les plat sont arrivés très rapidement nous avons ete servie et accueilli par Hicham
Very nice thanks to Hicham !
mohamed abdel hady dood
Mohamed abdel hady we mohamed hiytham good
Mohamed abdel hady very nice , accommodating and takes great photos too . Hospitality at it’s finest !
Yousry was the best ! We had a great time !
احسن مكان واحلي استاذه رحاب قمة في الذوق
الاكل جميل والخدمه رائعه جدا وشكر خاص لرحاب واسماعيل
The Place Is great and also the service . Truly recommended !
Mohamed Abdul Hady EMO_POS EMO_POS
Great food and service , Yousry looked after me very well here . Definitely recommend to come here for a meal while in Cairo
Is wonderful place EMO_POS Thanks medo and Ismail EMO_POS
المحل رائع والاصطاف جميل خصوصا ميدو واسماعيل
Ismail was very helpful person and nice
Excellent Iftar services by all the staffs , especially احمد شاهد , thank you so much for the good food ! Recommended .
Thank you for perfect pizza and service . Yousiri was the great at service and help
Mohamed was the best service in the entire city of Cairo ! Thanks for the amazing flavors , food and entertainment .
خدمة سريعة جودة عالية في رمضان زحام شديد يجب حجز طلبات الافطار بدري بدري
نصيحه لوجه الله انا فضلت سنتين باكل من عندو والله اكل ممرض ومش نضيف جدا كل الاكل عندو بايت بس . بيقولو طازه ورمضان اكثر اكثر ممكن يسبب ليكم تسم
كل حاجه كويسه هو بس الاوردرات بتتاخر اوي
المكان جميل ونظيف وراقي جدا واكلهم بصراحه ممتاز والمقابله بصراحه زي الفل ما شفتش حاجه حلوه بالشكل ده من سنين بصراحه ربنا يوسع عليهم ويوفقهم ومن نجاح لنجاح
البروست ناشف ومجلد مش حلو خالص
مكان كويس واكله نضيف و مستوي الخدمة جيد و الجلسات متوفرة بشكل شبه دائم
الاكل بايظ
فين ايام العربيه بعد ما فتح المحل اللي بياكل عنده مش علشان اكله لا علشان اسمه
طلع حلو
عادي
روعه وطعم لذيذ جدا
الطعام حلو بس كانت ف بطاطس نيا م مستوي اوي
Very tasty food and great prices , with seating area upstairs and very quick service .
ممتاز جدا
So bad , too late . . . . 1 hours over for take my order
لا باس
اخلاق الموظفين سيئة في الدور العلوي واكل بارد
tavuklar çok lezzetliydi kemikli değil de kemiksiz tercih edebilirsiniz pilavları safranlı biz beğenmedik onun dışında servis çok yavaş . hareketli bir caddede tercih edilebilir
Sehr lecker , zum mitnehmen . Empfehlenswert bestimmt sauber da wir erstaunlicherweise in Kairo verschiedene Strasenessen gegessen haben und keinerlei Probleme bekommen haben . Ehepaar aus Stuttgart
An authentic experience that proves consistency still exists . This Restaurant continues to stand out with the same quality , flavor , and service every time I visit . In a time where many places change after they become popular , this restaurant keeps the original spirit alive — generous portions , clean environment , and staff who actually care about the customer experience . What I appreciate most is that they didn’t let success affect their standards . The food still tastes the same , the service is still fast , and the atmosphere still feels welcoming . This kind of stability is rare nowadays . Keep going the same way , and you’ll stay ahead of many others . Respect to the team for maintaining the level .
ممتاز فوق الوصوف طعام ممتاز خدمه ممتازة
Food was very very bad , service as well , will never come back again
اطيب مطعم في مصر من حيث الاكل والاجواء رائعة
الفطار بيوصل بعد المغرب بساعة ولا حياة لمن تنادي
Food is average we had delivery from this branch and they messed up the order
From the moment you walk in , everything is just right . The service is warm and genuinely smiley , the space is beautiful and welcoming , and the food is outstanding — fresh ingredients , bold flavors , perfect execution . The shawarma alone is worth the trip . If you're in Cairo and you care about quality Lebanese - Syrian food , this place is non - negotiable . Highly recommended . : star : : star : : star : : star : : star :
مطعم رائع معامله جميله والاكل بجد حلووجميل
جميل والطعام شهي
مكان ممتاز والاكل طعمه جميل جدا وكمان الخدمة جيدة جدا
انا بقالي سنه والله العظيم كل يوم باكل من عندكي ولاكلا جامد مفيش احلا من كامل المنوفي ربنا يفتحه عليك اكتر وكتر
ممتاز في كل حاجه
اكل جميل وكميات مناسبه واسعار مقبولة
المكان رائع جدا والاكل اروع
مكان راقي جدا والاجواء تمتلئ بالهدوء المريح للنفس
Small and quiet one
مطعم محترم وادارة محترمه
Very crowded in Ramadan was a mess and cleanliness is not the best part , food is okay but not the best , service is very good ,
Awesome
Always crowded
Camere pulite , spaziose , bagni datati ma funzionali . Colazione ottima . Cena . . buona la prima sera sulla terrazza , ma pessima il giorno successivo , in quanto essendoci stato un evento sulla terrazza ci hanno fatto cenare dove servono la colazione . . . . . . a base di avanzi riscaldati della cena della sera prima . . . . . lo abbiamo fatto notare e grazie alla disponibilità dello chef abbiamo mangiato alla carte due discrete cotolette e i miei figli 2 discreti hamburger . Sconsiglio la mezza pensione , tanto nei dintorni ci sono ottimi locali a prezzi e qualità migliori .
Très bon rapport qualité - prix pour un hôtel au centre ville .
This was an excellent hotel for the start of our tour . Good location Swimming pool was warm and welcoming and the staff were all very nice .
Very comfortable and a wonderful variety of food for breakfast .
Very nice . Wonderful breakfast .
Beautiful rooms . . . . very clean . . . lovely staff
Great room , very clean , staff very friendly
A very comfortable stay . Clean , large beds and a spacious room with a view of the stunning Cairo Tower . The hotel building itself was easily recognisable along the Nile River . Buffet breakfast at the ground floor provided a really good spread . So much food that caters to various diets . Waiters were also very quick to clear plates . As it was Ramadan there weren’t many restaurants open in the city . I had settled most of my other meals at the rooftop restaurant . Food was as solid as the view though it took quite a while to arrive . Gym was small but very functional and does its job . Dumbbells range from 5kg and goes all the way up to 40kg . There’s also a multi - functional machine that covers all areas - chest , shoulders , back , legs . Gym is open till midnight . Towels provided , complete with a water dispenser and disposable cups . Good gym ! Special mention : I had to check - out a day early as my original flights were canceled due to the war in the Middle East . The hotel was really gracious in making an exception in refunding me for the 1 night that I had booked but didn’t stay . This was a really nice gesture .
The best hotel
Great staff , location close to downtown Cairo , Metro , and Nile river . Giza pyramids about 20 mins by car
Ottimo hotel rapporto qualità prezzo . L’hotel ha un ristorante sul rooftop con una vista spettacolare , un ristorante al piano terra e un bar Starbucs all’interno . C’è una piccola piscina riscaldata e palestra , gentile il ragazzo della piscina e della palestra Ahmed Mohamed
مطعم الاكل كويس
The worst experience ever , unprofessional restaurant , food delivery takes soo long . Food was cold
تجربه جيده تستحق التكرار الاسعار معقوله والاكل طيب واخص المشوي سواء قمبري ولا سمك
Great place with great food . Highly recommend but somewhat expensive so try it if you are willing to get a good taste . Last time I visited yesterday the food was average though . So maybe it's not perfect all the time hahaha
Not tasty
Nice seafood , service and ambiance . They provide fresh and delicious seafood : thumbs_up_medium - light_skin_tone :
مكان كمة الاحترام
الاكل عالمي يا جدعان
I had a great experience at elrabea . The food was delicious , fresh , and well presented . The staff were very friendly and welcoming , and the service was quick . The place was clean and had a nice atmosphere . I would definitely recommend it and will come back again .
الاكل حلو جدا مع ان الدنيا زحمه وفي رمضان بس احلي جوده وخدمه وستاف كويس جدا
خدمه زاي الفل
اجمد ابو ربيع
Good EMO_POS
Great service
Top el top
اكل مشاء الله كويس اجواء تحفه واحلي عم فرغلي : heart_suit :
احلي عم فرغلي
Good food but trash service . I asked the waitress multiple times if she included utensils with my food and she said yes . An employee started mopping the floor with a very strong cleaning product made me nearly vomit . Also , Islamic prayers blaring throughout the restaurant during my meal was unpleasant .
Its not like madinty branch
الاسعار غالية جدا
تجربه سييه للغايه تم محاول النصب علي بالفاتورة عدت مرات من الموظف و عندما كشف امره بداء بالتلفض و قلت ادبه . لا انصح احد يجي المطعم ابدا
R EMO_POS
معامله حيوانات يدخلوك لازم تقرير دخول تضل ساعه في الانتظار مع اصوات صيانه تكسر الاذن بعدين ياخدوك مكان تاني تنتظر عشان بعد ساعه تقدر تدخل الغرفة و يضلو ساعتين عشان يشوفو اي فحص انت بتاخد بعدها ساعتين و يركبو لك كنولا بتحرق ايدك ساعات بدون سبب ليه ؟ بروتوكول ما بتقدر تضل في غرفه بدون كنولا . بختصار بروتوكولات تعبانه المستشفي عاملين صيانه و يدخلو ناس وهما مش عارفين يتصرفو بالي معاهم اولا و الي تطلب منهم شي سواء سكرتير او شي يخلص الشفت حقه او يقول بفطر و ينسيك كليا ضليت فيها فوق ال 12 ساعه بس عشان خديت فحوصات و تخطيط
Zero credibility The staff are very rude Don’t recommend it
٥٠٩ التمريض رائع و متعاون جدا و ذوق جدا في المعاملة
I recently stayed at the hospital , and I truly cannot speak highly enough about the level of care we received . The service and nursing team were absolutely amazing — genuinely kind , attentive , and always willing to help . From the moment we arrived , I felt supported and cared for . Every member of the team showed professionalism , compassion , and a positive attitude that made a real difference during my stay . I would especially like to recognize Omniya and Amal for their impeccable service , consistency , and outstanding attitude . Their dedication was evident in everything they did . They clearly love their work , and most importantly , they truly love helping people . Their warmth and care brought comfort and reassurance during a time when it was needed most . Thank you to the entire team for turning what could have been a stressful experience into one filled with kindness and professionalism .
ناس صبورين جدا تحيه خاصه لرجال العنايه
غرفة 935 انا محمد عادل ابراهيم حابب اشكر كل التمريض خدمه ممتازة وخاصه مشرفه الدور مس امل ومستر مصطفي عطالله محترم جدا وشاطر جدا ومستر سلامه وجميع التيم بصراحة محترمين
Thanks to Aya , shaimaa and Mai
The worst hospital in Egypt , and the worst service ever ever ever
531 The hospital is very good and good management nurses in 5th floor are so nice House keeping are good Cafeteria are good I thanks ms Diamond for her good heart
We visited the mall around 12 in the afternoon and it was literally empty . We were only the visitors , maybe the timing was wrong .
Negozio chiusi , aria polverosa e sporca , commessi scostanti e antipatici . Uniche eccezioni , la commessa della gioielleria all' ingresso e quelle del supermercato interno .
ممتاز به كل ما تحتاج
Great place for donuts
Pratique et proche
The best in cairo
They can't take order by phone . They leave you waiting forever . They don't add cheese . They add oils to the food . You're eating pure oil . You'll spend the rest of the day with ache and suffering .
الطعم تحفه
شعبي عادي يعني
سمكري مصطفي شعله لتجديد السيارات
البيتزا حلوة اوي من زمان
الاكل حلو و الاسعار حلوة
جامد !
الاكل 10/10 ماشاءالله لذيذ مره انا اشتريت كوبون ٢ من تطبيق وفرها وفعلا طلع لذيذ ماشاءالله وكفي وزياده علي 3 اشخاص كبار وطفل وخدمتهم ممتازه واخلاقهم عاليه جدا
Great restaurant with a beautiful atmosphere . The food was very good and the place looks amazing . Special thanks to our waiter Aslya . He was very friendly , attentive , and professional . His service made the evening even better . Highly recommended !
So boring no service
I had an amazing experience at Abou Elzoz Restaurant ! From the moment I walked in , the ambiance felt warm and inviting , perfect for a relaxed meal with friends or family . The staff were incredibly attentive , friendly , and genuinely cared about making our visit enjoyable . The food was absolutely outstanding – every dish was bursting with flavor , beautifully presented , and made with fresh , high - quality ingredients . Their signature dishes are a must - try , and the portions were generous without compromising on taste .
Ottimo cibo e bravissimo Jousef
Great food with a great view !
The best authentic Syrian food you can ever have in Cairo and the service is over good , Hosam was the friendly guy helping us there
Great food , trust the server
وقت افطار رمضان الاكل نزل متاخر جدا لكل الناس و الاكل سيء جدا
Everything was amazing , the food , the service… waleed and Mohamed Ahmed were very helpful and friendly
Cena deliziosa e accoglienza impeccabile ! Sono arrivata al ristorante senza prenotazione e abbastanza tardi ( intorno alle 22 : 00 ) , ma lo staff ci ha accolto con grande cortesia , offrendoci una bevanda a base di yogurt fresco e menta , davvero deliziosa ! : herb : Tutto era curato nei minimi dettagli , dal servizio alla presentazione dei piatti . Una menzione speciale va all’hummus : mai assaggiato uno così buono ! Perfetta serata per staccare dal solito cibo egiziano .
Amazing food and very professional service ! Recommended ! !
Went for a quick family dinner tonight . We’ve enjoyed Syrian food a few times and this time the food was wonderful . The spicy potatoes , chicken kebab and prawns were delicious ! We were also treated to a plate of strawberries after dinner . All delicious !
Friendly staff . Great food .
Mohamedgaber andzatona the best restaurant in Zamalek and thank you for the very classy treatment and thank you , Abu Al zouz And i highly recommend the dish “Chicken Herb” , so delish !
Très bonne adresse ! Le service est au petit soin , belle vue sur le Nil ! Les plats sont gourmands et de qualité ! Bonne adresse avec un bon rapport qualité/prix ! Beaucoup de choix végétariens !
Excellent food , in particular okra ( bamies ) dish . And v friendly and competent service from Yusuf and Miru . Many thanks !
مطعم جميل جداا واكله تحفه محمد جابر وميدو EMO_POS
محمد جابر وميدو وياسين احسن واجدع ناس في ابو الزوز
The worst restaurant to order food specially for iftar I ordered food at 4pm he arrived 7 pm cold very disrespectful and rude save your money and energy
Good stuff
بسم الله مشاءالله الطعام جامد جدا
مطعم رائع
جميل جدا
Staff more experience , More friendly , Delicious meal , ANOUS . Thank you .
Very delicious .
قماش سوارية تحفة واسعار متوسطة في السعر
Kunqalbi
Good for fabric Price is very good
اهنن
السعادة مع اهمية القاهرة لكل مصري مكان توجد في البهجة في كل مكان
البرجر ممتاز
مكان ممتع وجودة عالية
ماشاء الله EMO_POS EMO_POS
Very Expensive
مطعم تحفه بالاستقبال والاكل : heart_suit : : heart_suit : : heart_suit : : sparkles :
بجد حاجه تشرف جدا جدا
الاكل رائع
Nice , helpful , welcoming waiters . Food very high quality and great taste . Over and above what is below , molokheyya , feteer sojouk , and hawawshi are very special . Hard to find any dish that is not excellent
تجربه اكتر من رائع والاكل تحفه EMO_POS
Great offers during Ramadan Food quality is really great Very competitive price and real value for money It's very rare to find good food during Ramadan , but they managed to do it
المكان جميل ومكانه في المهندسين سهل الوصول له
الاكل جميل عندهم الصراحه
اسوء تجربة ممكن تاكل من عند مطعم ام حسن ، اقسم بالله العظيم الاكل وصلني بارد ، والوجبات من غير سلطات مع العلم دي تاني مرة تحصل مش اول مرة ، ، نصيحة بلاش ام حسن وشكرا . .
الاكل سئ جدا وقدم بارد ، الطري بارد ، السحق حادق . الاسعار مبالغ فيها مقارنة الجودة . الحدمة سيئة .
Worst customer service ! They didn’t send my Ramadan order . Delivery guy very rude ! Came after and want to give the order after Iftar with 20mins !
جوده محترمه يصلح لاقامة العزائم الكبيره باعلي جوده ممكنه
سئ جدا والاكل ناقص و السلطه حامضه بجد اسوء اكل اكلته في حياتي
خدمة تحفة و احسن اكل برمضان
انا بحب اروح جدا
Everything was bad I never explain it when I came the room was not clean and I had to change the rooms more than 3 times because they have an internet problem and they also have a problem with the services and also the room services do not answer the phones and are very late in the orders and my stomach hurt because of the salad I ordered when I arrived and they don't care about anything and I also wanted to deliver the room to them because it was my exit time I didn't find anyone at the reception , and I had to have someone I regret that I went there
: thumbs_up_medium - light_skin_tone : : thumbs_up_medium - light_skin_tone :
Great
الفندق ممتاز وشكرا علي الضيافة المتميزة
Muy mal , de la reserva de booking combraron 30 dólares extra no se sabe porque . Pedimos pieza con una cama y nos dieron una con dos cama chica . Las cortinas no cierran Pero lo más terrible es que estuvieron taladrando 40 min a las 4 am… Enfin para algo es ir nos costó 90 dólares no aplica para nada .
Buen sitio para descansar , cómodo , tranquilo y seguro , buena ubicación
I visited the cafeteria , not the hotel , and was thoroughly impressed . The staff were exceptionally helpful and professional , creating a welcoming atmosphere . It's a quiet , elegant spot , ideal for personal meetings or remote work . A perfect choice for a relaxing break in Heliopolis .
Ci sono stata di recente per un weekend lungo al Cairo . L’hotel è bello , colazione molto varia , dal dolce al salato . Anche la cena non è male . Personale molto gentile , soprattutto in reception . l
this is a very good place , a group of kind women are at the reception , they trate you very well , especially shery
I’d like to point out something that was disappointing during our visit . We were sent a menu with specific prices and made our reservation based on those prices . However , when we arrived and received the bill , the prices were different and noticeably higher than what was originally shared with us . It would be appreciated if the restaurant could ensure that the menu sent to customers reflects the actual prices to avoid confusion or inconvenience in the future .
Автентична атмосфера в градината и в ресторанта . До площад Тахрир . Любезен персонал и богат избор . Вкусна храна . Посещавам го редовно .
Wonderful food , good prices and super friendly service . The patio is really cool . Very recommended when in downtown .
The atmosphere was great same for the staff but the food needs to be a lil bit better
It's just a great experience staff is great so welcoming while the food is also good a Greta place to have breakfast in with some new friends
Endroit très sympa pour un dîner avec une jolie terrasse et des propositions égyptiennes et internationales . L'accueil est agréable , mention spéciale a Islam qui s’est occupé de nous : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
We had a great time , special thanks to Islam
Islan nous a bien accompagné par son accueil et son sourire lors de notre dîner
Great food , great place and the best service with Habiba .
I couldn’t eat almost anything in Egypt but all the food at this place was absolutely delicious and everything was really well - priced . I definitely recommend trying the chicken with mushroom
有室外和室內的位置，室外的位置是一個漂亮的小花園庭院，幾乎坐滿了客人。早午餐菜單看起來很豐盛，兩人點了綜合燒烤（370埃鎊）、凱撒沙拉（92埃鎊）、果汁（一杯108埃鎊），燒烤上桌時很有戲劇效果。
Great place . Good food , nice staff . Very friendly . I'd definitely come back
Best food in Cairo . Since our flight to Doha was cancelled , we got to stay in Cairo a bit longer and went back again at once and enjoy their delicious food and amazing service . Highly recommended !
如果你来旅游，建议不要来。出品非常不稳定，需要运气。19点18点菜，20点08上菜。等了50分钟，结果上来了一个冰凉的烤肉，非常失望。中间催服务生，服务生说因为这个很新鲜，需要等，结果就是把一个很久之前就烤好，还有点烤糊的肉，放在一个热的盘子里就上来了。肉完全是凉的！
During Ramadan , the whole population tolerates the fasting of Muslims and foregoes any semblance of normal provision of food . Ok . Islam the majority population and the official religion and they control . That inconveniences non - muslim citizens and all the foreigners who live and visit . But it's an Islamic country . Ok . This restaurant menu has ten items marked "Fasting , " by which they mean the Coptic days of fasting , which are 2/3 of the days of the year . These salads are without animal products . It is respectful , thoughtful , for Oldish to mark these menu items for those who don't eat animals , or don't eat animals on certain days . We love it when restaurants give a nod to vegetarians and vegans . Oldish looks like a place that serve the whole demographic of Egypt's people . This year , Ramadan coincides with the Copts LONG fast - - 55 days long ! For 55 days the native Egyptian population is vegan . But . When i tried to order the "fasting" ( vegan ) salad at Oldish , "We do not have it available now , because it's Ramadan . " So because Muslims are observing THEIR fast ( eat anytime when the sun is down . anything you want . ) , the restaurant STOPS serving the food that is suitable for Copts , who are abstaining from all animal products for 55 days . The menu showing "fasting - friendly" food is here on the restaurant's google map listing . Beware . During Ramadan , expect peak chaos . Not being a vegetarian today , I ordered the Hawawshi and Oldish Salad shown here and I left most of it on the plate . Not good by any standards at all . Possibly Oldish is ok for a quaint downtown coffee date . End of rant .
ご飯も大変美味しく、店員さんも丁寧で最高のお店でした。 特にシシさん、Islamさんという店員さんが丁寧に接客してくれました。
シシ、イスラムという店員が良かった
The food is amazing . We ate traditional plates , with good prices and big portions . The service also amazing . We suggest from the menu especially the "oldish" plates ! One of the best place to eat in Cairo
مقفل . . مشولر علي الفاضي
Very tasty food and you get a lot ! Islam helped us good and will definitely be back again !
كان افضل في الاول
I like this mall . It has a nice spacious open areas . Stores are nicely maintained .
في محلات كتير اوت ليت لبرندات حلوه
معاناة الركنيات
خدمة ممتازة وطعام وممتاز
Goed eten en ontzettend vriendelijke bediening , wij waren erg tevreden !
مطعم هادي جدا والاسعار غالية
الاكل جدا لذيذ والستاف لطيفين وسرعه في الطلب تحديدا احمد محسن وابراهيم
لازم تزور المكان الفيو تحفة والاكل ولا غلطة يا بخت اهل الجيزة : star - struck : : star - struck : : star - struck : : ok_hand : : ok_hand : : ok_hand :
مكان ممتاز وخدمة ممتازة
ناس محترمه جدا
من اسوء التجارب
الاسعار غالية نوعا ما
الطعم والخدمه جميله
Prices are very high compared to the portion served . The taste is mild & more like an average low budget restaurant
ممتاز والخدمة ممتازه
An item was missing from my order , and it took more than 30 mins; however they told me it should take around 10 mins ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
The worst experience can ever happen .
Too busy to sit inside , had to wait a very long time for food order , disorganised
طعم جميل جدا
I loved the food , they are quick with the orders and portions are very good , the restaurant is crowded though not suitable for individuals looking for a quiet place for a couple that is more relaxed . It was very good for suhur because as I said the service was fast . But the place was a little disorganized no tissues no plates , other than that it was alright .
For takeaway orders it could take some time to receive your order and be surrounded by beggars every now and then , but you will always take good quality food that tastes good . They offer good value for money
Overrated
يعني اقعد عشان افطر في رمضان يتقال ليا في اصناف اجباري بقيمة 350 جنيه غير اللي اطلبه
قليلن زوق واحترام Ordered two hours and a half before iftar and was assured it will be arrive on time for iftar , it arrived an hour after iftar extremely cold , the delivery was rude and would decline my calls when i was trying to reach him and the staff could not care less
كل اكله ممتاز بقالي ٤ سنين باكل من عنده ماخيب ظني EMO_POS لي تعليق فقط ع الكفته اتمني تكون چوسي اكتر
جيد ولكن زحمه
يحتاج تنظيم افضل
مطعم ممتاز والاكل كتير جيد ، خاصة شاورما السجق
La comida ha sido espectacular , aunque los precios son un poco elevados vale la pena cada centavo . Pongo solo 3 estrellas dado que el servicio por parte de los meseros ha sido bastante grosero pero recomiendo ir a probar su comida
Ein besonderes Restaurant mit einer orientalischen Atmosphäre . Service und vor allem das Angebot an Speisen können sich wirklich sehen lassen .
Rica cena , comida egipcia con buen sabor y precios no elevados a comparación de otros lugares . Lo recomiendo , pero prefiero otro estilo de comida
Everything was great . The food the service , the invironment . Everything . It was one more experience having dinner there
"Terrible Experience at Abou El Sid in Zamalek – Would Not Recommend" We went to Abou El Sid in Zamalek yesterday for Iftar , and honestly , the experience was terrible . There’s no proper ventilation in the place—after just a few hours , our clothes reeked of smoke and we had kids us . The furniture is old and very uncomfortable to sit on , which made the whole experience even more unpleasant . We had pre - ordered our Iftar the day before , but when it was time to serve , several items were missing—including the desserts , which they said were “no longer available . ” The food itself arrived cold , and the taste was below average . Considering the high price per person , the quality is just not justified . It’s definitely not worth the money . The service was by far the worst part . The restaurant seemed understaffed , and we had to wait a long time just to get someone’s attention to order anything . Interestingly , when it was time to pay , they were suddenly very attentive and quick . Overall , our experience as a family was extremely disappointing . I’d give this place 1 star across the board . Despite its reputation , we will never visit again .
Local food was amazing !
Lugar típico con buena ambientación . Lleno un martes por la noche , en su mayoría turistas de hoteles cercanos . La comida es muy deficiente , sin apenas sal y fría . El servicio es correcto pero se equivocaron con el cambio a euros y no sé si fue a propósito o no .
The place had a truly oriental atmosphere , with beautiful traditional vibes and decorations . I’m proudly 100% Egyptian , and I’m so proud of our culture and authentic Egyptian art that you displayed on every wall and in every corner of the place W habet om aly : face_blowing_a_kiss : : face_blowing_a_kiss :
Bu restoranın kapısından içeri girmek , bir zaman makinesinden 1940 lı yıllara geçmek gibidir . Servis yapan şık ve centilmen beyefendiler , birbirinden leziz geleneksel yemekler ve sizi her detayı ile büyüleyecek antika bohem bir atmosfer . Mutlaka uğrayın ve nargilenin tadına bakmayı da ihmal etmeyin . Yazdıklarım abartılı gelebilir , ama sadece bilenlerin özel bir mekanı olarak kalacak kadar degerli olduğunu gidince anlayacaksınız .
الخدمة جميلة والستاف محترمين جدا واخلاقهم عالية الاكل سيء جدا جدا مايناكل للاسف
Excellent . Always good . Light Egyptian food
ممتاز لكن صعب ركن العربيات
محترمين بس اسعارهم غالية شوية
The bill was increased claiming that there is a 14% service charge , which is illegal since it is not mentioned on the menu . Also , the remaining coins were not given back to me when I paid . I am not asking to take them , but they should have been returned and I should decide what to do with them . In any case , I have taken a copy of the bill and I will proceed with the necessary legal action
احلي انس للدمشقي : heart_suit :
Very very nice experience as we were travelling and didn’t knew Arabic but the two staffs who were working in the morning , a lady and a boy ( Ahmed ) helped us a lot and they offered the best service . Went there twice because of the best service and best kunafa ‘s
Egyptian food is not nice at all . This Syrian place had v nice food and never let us down
Great Syrian food
لذيذ والاسعار معقولة والخدمة رائعة
Buen ambiente i un cambrer entusiasta , d'una amabilitat contagiosa , Ahmed Zizou ! !
Gracias al amable camarero Ahmed Zizou , hizo de nuestra cena una experiencia aún mejor y repetimos !
المشويات مش فريش الطعم غير مقبول المقبلات معقوله الخدمه كويسه الاصطفاف مرحبين
المكان سيئ ولموضفين غير محترمين
الخدمة جدا رائه والموظف مانو جدا لطيف
شكرا لاحمد زيزو علي حسن التعامل
مكان جميل و محترمين اوي
الاكل سيئ ومو زي اول
Very good place
It was amazing
اكل لذيذ وخدمة رائعة اشكر الموظفين يوسف ومانو : folded_hands : : sparkling_heart :
خدمة احمد عز كانت لطيفه واللكل لذيذ
This one is much better than the one in zamlek . At least the smoking and non smoking areas are separated . And its cleaner
Apre alle 9 anche se dovrebbe aprire alle 7 , per il resto molto buono sia il caffè che il cibo e prezzi onesti
Best coffee : hot_beverage :
غالي جدا
C’est inadmissible on a payer 960€ pour un café même pas froid je pense que le serveur c’est tromper et a mis tout les supplément dans une autre commande
The toilet is disgusting , clearly not cleaned properly , there is no paper , all the tables are dirty , you buy an overpriced coffee and then don't feel like sitting down because the atmosphere and cleanliness is terribly disappointing : /
worst costa branch ever the coffee is good but the service is the worst the staff is not helpful they lied about the avaliablity of club sandwich cause they were lazy to ask the kitchen and 5 mins later it was magically in the display i asked one of the staff to change something for me and they asked me to take it down to the downstairs for them they take service fees while they don't serve tabels
الحمامات سيئة جدا في كل الفروع
It’s costa
I had a great experience overall at this Costa Coffee , mainly because of the excellent customer service . The staff were friendly , welcoming , and professional , which really made a difference . The coffee quality was outstanding—fresh , well - prepared , and exactly what you’d expect from Costa . However , the space is quite small and often feels packed , which can make it uncomfortable , especially during busy hours . Also , the smoking room upstairs negatively affected the experience for non - smokers , as the smell carries through and ruins the atmosphere . Overall , great coffee and service , but the layout and smoking area definitely need improvement .
The food and drinks are nice . The staff speaks some English . You can pay by card . The second floor seating zone is for smokers and I don't like that .
he’s ham
Good food good service
Good vibes good atmosphere thank you abou elnaga
مكان ممتاز والاستاذ هشام من احسن الشخصيات ال قابلتها ف حياتي برشح كافيه برنسيس لاي حد EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
المكان جميل
Essam Elhaddad is fantastic
المكان جميل ولاكن الخدمه بطيئه جدا في تحظير الخدمه
شكرا علي الفطار الجميل وشكرا للاصف متعاون جدا EMO_POS
Very annoying during Ramadan we couldn't hear each other's , poor food quality
More than perfect EMO_POS
Food is delicious and tasty . Prices are very fair compared to the quality and size of the dish .
A bit oily but amazing flavor and hearty meal
One of the modern restaurant has a great atmosphere with lovely taste for chicken and meat
My favourite place ever Best food best service Thank you so much
Had a good experience , amazing service and perfect for family outings
The food tasted very good , and the quantity was good as well , the place was very nice , and everyone was nice and helpful . The sea food noodles doesn't taste like the regular Chinese food , but it was the beat plate we got .
الاسعار مبالغ فيها نوعا ما
The service is great and the employees are so nice . The pasta is also great ! There are many vegetarian and even vegan options . The pizza is not the best/doesn’t really taste like pizza . Overall this place is great , would recommend to choose the pasta though !
Leckere Pasta und toller Service zu super Preis - Leistungsverhältnis
Preporucujem restoran . Odlicna hrana i nemoze biti jeftinija . Usluga savrsena
Lecker , italienische Küche mit Altstadt Flair angenehm und sauber . Service ist sehr nett Empfehlenswert Ehepaar aus Stuttgart
Boli sme tu v čase sviatku Ramadan . Reštaurácia ponúkala služby bez obmedzenia . Červený interiér je zaujímavo kombinovaný s kvetinovou výzdobou žltých slnečníc . Jedlo bolo chutné a rýchlo pripravené , bez dlhého čakania . Najviac nám chutila paradajková polievka , zapekany baklažán a ibištekový čaj .
Kahvaltı - öğle yemeği için gittik . Mekan güzeldi . Yemekler de iyiydi . Fırsatımız olsa bir daha giderdik . Hizmette iyiydi ama tek sıkıntı biraz yavaştı . Gerçi yavaş hizmet tüm Mısır için geçerli . Daha hızlısına rastlamadık . Herkese tavsiye ederim .
Ne rend pas la monnaie alors qu’on lui réclame
Vibes and food was stunning , quit empty in the morning 10/10 place
I had chicken breast with lemon sauce and fresh vegetables . My wife had the aubergine and penne in tomato sauce . Both were delicious . We finished the meal with ice cream prepared by Mekel - excellent ! We were well looked after by Ahmed . Thank you both so much for a most pleasant evening .
ده الجمال كله : sunflower : EMO_POS مكاني المفضل
Have great menu for tourists , It was delicious
Great service , very nice kind staff , horrible pizza , meh pasta , meh drinks but ultimately a good quite neat place and affordable
lezzet tam yerinde kesinlikle tavsiye ederiz .
تجربة سيئة جدا جدا جدا تاخر الطلب والستاف مايتكلمون عربي ولما وصل الطلب كان فيه طعم كشنه علما اني طالب فطيره
مكان جميل وحضاري تحس بتاريخ مصر القديم الاصطاف ودود ودائما مبتسم
Petit café restaurant à Downtown incroyable : pancakes , french toasts , plats italiens , très bons cafés . . ambiance calme et prix super accessibles
I loved the interior of Eish + Malh . The mix of red tones , yellow sunflowers , wooden tables , and large windows opening onto the street is a striking combination . Here’s what we ordered : - Arancini : cooked_rice : : Needed more cooking . One ball was a little cold , like it did not have enough time to cook/defrost . It also needed more sauce , but we asked for extra and that helped . - Salad : green_salad : ( arugula , apples , and mushroom ) : It was okay , but the portion and presentation weren’t great . - Pasta : spaghetti : : The waiter recommended the white sauce pasta with mushroom and chicken . It was actually really good , just needed a pinch of salt . Overall , it was a nice experience with a great setting , friendly staff , and solid food . I would go there again .
ممتاز جدا ونضيف للمشاوي
They have the best stuffed pigeons
المطعم كل همهم البصبصه و المعاكسة تاركين الخدمة و شغالين بصبصه الحمام المشوي ٢/١٠ ١/٤ كيلو مشوي ٦/١٠
الحمام عنده في مكان تاني
لازم تجيب كاش معك الخدمه بطيئه شوي من الزحمه فرع ميدان لبنان طبعا
Authentic Egyptian food ! The Stuffed pigeon was great and so was the meat and everything else . Probably one of the best and safest places to try local food !
The stuffed pigeon and pigeon soup tasted exotic and interesting and nice; I love the grilled pigeon and grilled beef . Definitely willing go if I have any chance .
الجو العام حلو والاصطف محترم ولذيذ ف التعامل والاكل حلو
كل سنه وانتم طيبين الاكل جميل والخدمه اجمل والناس بتتعامل بذوق جدا ومحترمين
The best branch the food are amazing , hatem is very welcoming and food are fresh
كل سنة وانتم طيبين ، خدمة ممتازة كالمعتاد
احلي نااس و احلي حاتم صابر و مستر وليد EMO_POS
Nice experience
The service was good
Good experience
Great great service and the food is high quality as usual
Grate place for iftar in ramadan with Mr . Hatem , grate serving .
I had a really nice experience there great food and staff would definitely recommend
The food was very delicious and the staff was very friendly especially Hatem saber , he has a very warm hospitality .
Όμορφος χώρος με ωραία διακόσμηση . Ότι πιάτο παραγγείλαμε ήταν πολύ νόστιμο με μεγάλες μερίδες
جودة ونظافة وحسن استقبال . . شكرا
مكان تحفه والاكل تحفه اجواء رمضان جميله الموظفين كلهم عسل وخدومين ودمهم خفيف
Had a wonderful experience with my family at ZAZA Restaurant during Iftar this Ramadan . The food was absolutely delicious with a great variety of dishes that made the evening special . A special thanks to Belal and Moaataz for their outstanding service , they were incredibly helpful , attentive , and made sure everything was perfect . Their hospitality really made the experience even better .
مكان اكتر من رائع والاكل طعم جدا واستاذ محمد صلاح انسان محترم وزوق واستقباله واهتمامه كان رائع شكرا ليكم واهتمامكم وان شاء الله دا بقي مكاني المفضل دايما : heart_suit :
الفطار تحفه في رمضان
Exllent team , helpful
Um dos melhores restaurantes em Cairo . Local privilegiado sobre o Nilo . Especialmente a noite . Comida impecável , preço justo e boas opções . Serviço simpático .
اجمل مطعم علي النيل والاسعار مناسبه لجميع ومكان هادي ومميز
مطعم جميل واشكر محمد صلاح علي ذوقه وابتسامته : ok_hand :
delicious Oreo milkshake and mixed grill ! Amazing food
We had a fantastic experience at Zaza Nile . Everything was excellent from start to finish . The food was absolutely delicious , full of flavor , and clearly prepared with care . The portions were very generous — more than enough — which made the experience even better . The view is truly stunning , overlooking the Nile River and the beautiful skyline of Cairo . The atmosphere is relaxing and enjoyable , making it a perfect place to sit back , enjoy great food , and take in the scenery . Highly recommended for anyone looking for delicious food , big portions , and an amazing view of the Nile and the city of Cairo .
مطعم ظاظا ( Zaza Cuisine ) في ممشي اهل مصر هو وجهة مميزة تجمع بين اطلالة النيل الساحرة والاكلات المصرية الاصيلة ، ويعد خيارا رائعا لتناول الطعام في اجواء عصرية راقية ( خمس نجوم ) . يشتهر بتقديم اطباق متنوعة مثل الشاورما ، السجق ، والمشويات ، الي جانب الشيشة ، مع خدمة ممتازة وقعدات مريحة .
Great food , service and value . Keep in mind you need to pay 20 EGP to enter the riverfront , where the restaurant is located .
Very nice food and atmosphere .
Absolutely wonderful restaurant and thoroughly recommend it . Waitstaff are fabulous , with a special mention to Ramy , excellent explanations and suggestions . Coffee is wonderful .
Lovely Experience excellent food and location The service was amazing and the waiters were so polite Nawaf was very helpful and friendly
الخدمة ضعيفة وسيئة لكن الاكل كان جميل
الاضاءة وحشة اوي
We had a good time . Personnel was very friendly and the qualiity and quantity of food was pretty good . The entertainment during the cruise was average and touristic .
Superb nile cruise with excellent dinner . Enjoyed every minute . Live music .
Gradevole giro sul Nilo , buon servizio . Spettacolo e intrattenimento molto "turistico" !
Boat is lovely , strong smell of diesel when you first get on . Lovely dinning area . It was under occupied but the food was cold and nothing special . Good free salad selection though . Belly dancer and the spinning man were great but the music was too loud and quite over bearing , there was no let up . So I sat with my fingers in my ears lol . A lovely trip along the river for the view at night if you can stand LOUD music for 2 hours .
Food was fine and there was plenty of high quality traditional Egyptian entertainment . Staff were extremely nice , courteous and couldn’t help enough .
the service from Abanoup on the Nile Maxim was amazing , fast and smooth . The food was also very tasty , the rib eye steak was well seasoned and cooked perfectly .
Adding some pics for others to see exterior . Did ot get inside .
The food was good , but the singer was using low - quality speakers , which made the sound noisy and unpleasant . Additionally , the show was average , and the dancer did not treat all tables equally . She would approach tables with families , but if the table was a group of men , she avoided coming to them .
Food is salad buffet snd set menu where you choose among beef , chicken and fish . I chose beef and quality was so so only . There shows are also okay quality level with a guy singing old english songs , followed by tanoura and belly dance shows . Staff was good though , polite and attentive
Fun cruise on the Nile , entertainment is outstanding
روعه بجد
They do not wash their silver wear . . they only wipe it u can literately smell food from the previous customer . And who knows what goes on inside
I went to el shiekh zaid branch , i liked the food , doesn’t have to deliver the food on grill on table . Price is medium high
Good Food
المكان تحفه بس الاسعار مبالغ فيها
Ahl Alraya has a surprisingly large menu , which was the thing that stood out most . Plenty of Syrian dishes and snacks to choose from . The dining area is comfortable and service was straightforward . Probably a good spot for groups who want variety , though the chicken dishes were just average .
المشكلة في طول وقت الانتظار لاستلام الطلب . . مع ضرورة اعادة النظرفي الاسعار نظرا للظروف الاقتصادية لكن الاكل جميل والمعاملة من العاملين جيدة
다소 생소합니다 . 향이 강합니다
They can give more to compete
very bad service and bad employees and the manager is the worst
لا يستحق التجربه نهائي
We ordered food from them in Ramadan to arrive at iftar time . The restaurant confirmed the order was on the way , but the food never arrived and no one answered our calls for hours . We even contacted them on Facebook and were told the driver was minutes away , which wasn’t true . Our dinner gathering was completely ruined and we had to go out and find somewhere else to break our fast . They later called , unaware that the order had never been delivered . Very unprofessional service and definitely the last time ordering from them .
We ordered food for 10 people at 12 PM during Ramadan so it would arrive by iftar . We called the restaurant at 5 PM before iftar , and they told us the order had already left and was on the way . We kept calling and trying to reach them , but no one answered from 5 : 50 PM until 8 PM . The food never arrived , and no one contacted us . We also sent them a message on Facebook Messenger . They replied saying the delivery would arrive in a few minutes and that the driver would call us; but no one called and the food never came . Extremely disrespectful service . They finally called at 9 : 30 PM , surprised that we were upset , and they didn’t even know that the food had never arrived . One of the worst experiences ever , and the last time we order from them .
ستاف قليل الذوق والاوردر متاخر ساعة وربع
لا انصح بتجربته في رمضان الاكل جاي بارد
رائعة
Will always be our favorite
تجربه ممتازه
اسوء مكان ممكن تطلب منه ديليفري
مطعم يقدم الاكل البناني والمكان هادئ والاسعار مقبوله
Beside the tasteless cold coffee; Rude hustling behaviour from the waiter . I asked for the receipt , so he came to my table and , without asking , opened an extra small water bottle that was on the table so it could be added to the receipt ( for 65 LE ) . When I objected and explained to them what that waiter did , they were very rude , unprofessional , and told me it was MY FAULT that I didn't ask the water to not open the water bottle ! Never again .
مكان راقي وهادي
بعض اكلاتهم لذيذة ليس الكل . .
مطعم متميز جدا بالمهندسين
Ahmed and the other staff were amazing . food is nice . we love it !
Very bad experience , unqualified staff , all menu is sold out and they turn off left while we are staying there
Foods were very good and the atmosphere made me comfortable Thank you Hazem : folded_hands :
Très belle adresse ! Le cadre est magnifique Le service nickel et les plats sont de qualité et copieux ! Je recommande
The food was fine . Its the service that was mediocre . Very unfriendly staff , and was repeated ignored on purpose . Just rude and uninviting . Do not recommend .
C’est un excellent concept , je le recommande passage obligatoire ! Al Hussein y
Hazim was a great waiter thank you EMO_POS
تقهوينا وفطرنا فطور امريكي
Hazem is very good and very cooperative
Hazem is very good and his smile is beautiful
The Vibes place is perfect
I had a wonderful experience at this restaurant . The food was truly delicious , the atmosphere was warm and inviting , and the service was exceptional . Abdulrahman took great care of us with professionalism and kindness , and Manager Ahmed Mujahid made sure everything was perfect . Their attention to detail really elevated the whole experience . Every time when I visit Egypt I must visit Brunch and Cake
Hazem’s service was amazing
Had lovely meal and interactions with our waiter Hazem who was very attentive . Great food and amazing hospitality . Will be definitely coming back ! !
Amazing experience at Brunch & Cake ! The presentation is beautiful and everything tastes just as good as it looks . Fresh ingredients , generous portions , and such a great brunch vibe . Service was friendly and the atmosphere is perfect for a relaxed morning . Definitely coming back .
Hazem
Hazim was very helpful and the food was great !
The food was great and waiter Hazim was very guy he gave us good service : smiling_face_with_hearts :
The food was delicious i ordered pizza and pancake the service and food was very good props to hassan and khalid would recommend .
Food was amazing and delicious and service was great the waiter was very helpful thanks to Hazem for the great hospitality
المكان جميل مخبز رائع والكميه راهيه .
Good cozy well serviced place : sparkles : Thank you Hazem
مش حلو خالص
غالي . . علي الفاضي
It’s not clean
تسلم ايدك يا عم سامي يا عالمي
رائع جدا
Best fish restaurant in Egypt atm .
An amazing place , staff is very friendly and professional , they work like a beehive , food was served in time and like always fresh and hot , cant get enough of the butterfly shrimps , i simply LOVE the place .
Bad experience specially in the times of Ramadan . Worst organization just to park around .
مطعم اكثر من رائع
الاكل كويس بس الاسعار تقريبا الضعف
المطعم ممتاز و الخدمه رائعه
جينا فطور رمضان الاكل تحفه الاكل كان جاهز علي الطاوله بس مو بارد طريقه التعامل مع ضغط الشغل كان محترف و بقمة الاحترام يستاهلوا اكثر من ٥ نجوم
مطعم ممتاز سمك خطير وجميل وممتاز وخدمه ممتازه وخاصه الاستاذ احمد
تحفه تحفه
This restaurant is underrated actually , food is so delicious , I don’t know how this restaurant is not top # in Egypt .
Very rude call center , lol
افضل حاجه استقبال الاستف
I ordered online from this place and it was great'taste and quantity . I will eat here again
The food was very good
اكثر من رائع تجربه مميزه
الاكل ولا غلطه
Amazing
الاكل حلو جدا لازم تجرب البروست ولو بتحب الحار اطلبو اكسترا اسبايسي
Best shawerma chicken you will ever have just add pomegranate molasses to it and ur good to go
‏من افضل محلات الافطار السوري
اسعاره حلوة جدا
The meals are definitely priced well for what you get . The fried chicken wasn’t great , but the shawarma was actually pretty good .
Horrible shawarma , gets your stomach very upset
الشوارما جميله والتعامل حلوا بس لو فيه شطه سايله زي الرنا
مطعم يقدم الوجبات السورية ، بمذاق جميل . تجربتي معهم كانت ممتازة مع ورق العنب وكذلك الشاورما والمشاوي
food tastes great . It is my go - to restaurant for Syrian food .
معامله سيئه جدا
الاكل حلو بس المكان زحمة جدا في رمضان لازم تروح بردي شوية عن معاد السحور علشان تعرف تتبسط
ممتاز جدا واكله نضيف وخفيف
نظيف واكل ممتاز
مش حلو neha2yy
جامد
ساندوش الطعميه مش احسن حاجه الكنافه بالحبنه جميله
Bonus , el mesero habla español . La comida deliciosa , el ambiente es agradable y limpio . La comida llegó relativamente rápido , pero pedimos postre y ese sí que se demoró . Los precios no son tan altos . Las personas fuman dentro del local . Se ve a los meseros burlarse de los comensales en su idioma , no disimulan en lo más mínimo .
Favosissimo ristorante situato nel Centro storico del ononimo bazar del Cairo . Famosa la sua cucina egiziana e mediorientale , un ambiente di superba raffinatezza di eleganza , offre anche cucina halal e vegetarian . Per chi stanco dello shopping , una visita qui e' l'idéale per una pausa per un aperitivo o caffe' con una bella musica dal vivo . Anche se un poco difficile arrivarci , ma poi sarete appagati dalla sua atmosfera che vi offre . Dichiarato come luogo élégante , pulito , nell'immergersi in questo locale Nella sua vita ci si sente catapultati in una diversa dimensione . Attenzione , non chiedere alcolici , e' severamente proibito la somministrazione . La sua cucina e' tradizionale , falafel , hummus , manzo , pollo , con un servizio che offre il narghilé .
حلو ومكان رايق من شروطهم يكون ادني سعر لاطلب ٦٠٠ جنيه لشخص الواحد
The atmosphere is perfect is very traditional and there is also live music . The service is excellent they are very polite . The food was really tasty but I think not too much to choose .
Bu güzel restorana 2 . Kez geliyoruz . Bu sefer tavsiye ettiğimiz arkadaşlarımızı da getirdik . Mekan atmosfer yemeklerin lezzeti her şey harikaydı . Bizimle Türkçe bildiği için ilgilenen Omar Hadia ( Ömer hediye diyoruz : ) ) ona çok teşekkür ederiz . Yemekler o kadar lezzetliydi ki fotoğraf çekmek sonradan aklımıza geldi : ) ) Bu gördüklerinize ek olarak karışık ızgara söyledik Ramazan dolayısıyla akşam geldiyseniz 20 : 00 dan sonra giriş yapabiliyorsunuz . İçerde de güzel bir müzik ekibi var bize canlı canlı Türk müzikleri bile çaldıkları için onlara da teşekkür ederiz .
Nel quartiere del bazar , che è stato frequentato dallo scrittore premio nobel Nagib Mahfouz , che ha abitato qui vicino , e da cui il ristorante ha poi preso il nome . L'ambiente è carino e confortevole , con mobilio tradizionale egiziano . Cibo sicuramente superiore alla media dei ristoranti del Cairo , ma non l'ho trovato eccelso . Prezzi modici . Nel bazar è sicuramente uno dei posti migliori dove mangiare .
Tradicional Egyptian restaurant great place to get away from the hub bub going on in the bazaar .
The food was so and so , we are in a group so only allowed to order Set Menu for which the food quantity is too much for each person ( US$84 each ) . The table setting and chairs are very nice , live music available in the main room ( we are in another room ) . The staffs are friendly .
Just a tourist trap that guides bring their tourists to to get ripped off . Your tour guide gets a cut for brining you here . Service is terrible . What a mess . Mandatory 12% charge even though service is a joke . Enjoy an authentic Egyptian experience somewhere else rather than this silly place .
Ambiente muito agradável , com decoração engraçada . É claramente um restaurante para turistas , sem sempre a porta fechada , e detetor de metais na entrada .
we just had late afternoon snack , after exciting shopping in the old market ! the soup was very tasty and the fish was very fresh & delicious . the bread & rice were very good too !
Best vegetarian set and exceptional service . The Moushaka Tajin was one of the best tasting . The stuffed pepper and aubergine were unique and tasty .
Regular
Great restaurant enjoy the experience new names yeah but gps in ankles and lockstorm video capable for the worldwide victims ! Maybe we’ll see each other again but rumor is that the restarting was lit on fire last tonight
Grilled meat was burned to charcoal . Disappointed .
Tasty food but they add meals not pre - ordered
A wonderful dining experience with excellent food and atmosphere . The seafood is very fresh , perfectly cooked , and full of flavor . Service is attentive , fast , and very respectful , making the whole experience comfortable and enjoyable . The atmosphere is pleasant and relaxing , suitable for families , tourists , and anyone looking for quality dining . A great place to enjoy authentic grilled dishes and seafood in Dokki . Highly recommended . : star :
جو و اكل نظيف . جربو الطرب والبطارخ المشوية و البوري
The food was really good And everything was well But sadly there was no section to sit and eat privately
المشويات هايلة . والخدمة ممتازة
المكان جميل و الاكل في منتهي الجمال و التعامل راقي جدا و سيد الويتر محترم جدا
The best place for Lebanese food and the best staff all the staff friendly and special thanks for Abdelrahman and galal i recommend this place
الاكل في منتهي الروعة و الجمال ر النضافة و الاستاف ناس زوق . اجمل مطعم لبناني في مصر شيك شكرا محمد صلاح
Great restaurant and excellent service And the quality of the food was great . I'll definitely try again .
Zahra lebnan was the most beautiful restaurant I’ve been , very clean and chill atmosphere , our server was Mohammed salah and others were very kind and sweet and welcomed us nicely , we felt we were in our own home , the food was delicious and filling with big portions and different dishes to choose from , they also have shisha and cafe within the restaurant . I would give more than 5 stars if i can !
انا اشكرمحمد صلاح علي الخدمه الممتازه وعلي حسن التعامل وربنا يوفقه وشكراجزيلا له وللاداره المطعم زهره لبنان الف شكرلكم جميعا طلال بانه
Very nice service , everyone is welcoming and generous , especially Mohamad Salah . I do recommend if you are inside the mall
The atmosphere was good , the food was very good . And the waiter was really awesome and very funny . Really enjoyed it ! ! ! Would definitely recommend
Abo zayd was very funny and outstanding !
Very nice place and very friendly service . Abo Zayd is very nice and funny . Will return for sure EMO_POS
سيد وحسام واحمد ، خدمتهم جميله جدا والاكل لذيذ اوي ويستاهل الزياره .
Mahmouad & karim Their services &hospitality are excellent and the food are perfect Hossam service and hospitality are excellent and really he is so helpful
تجربه ممتازه وشكرا جدا ا . حسام
مكان جميل واكل لذيذ وخاصة الباشا حسام تعاملة راقي
To Lebanese food enthusiasts who adore the original Lebanese food experience , I can now confirm that Zahrat Lebnan Restaurant is the true deal . Since a long period of time , I have been longing to the original Lebanese cuisine in Cairo . The moment you go into the restaurant you will feel the real Lebanese hospitality and the ambience . I met Abo Zayd and he was really professional with his warm welcome and the great attention to details you rarely find nowadays with staff due to the high cluttered restaurants which caused the lack of high caliber hospitality people and staff . Secondly , the food ! ! I wasn’t hungry that day but I came with my friend who wanted to have dinner . Out of curiosity , and with the very soft and professional sell of Abo Zayd , I couldn’t resist his clever suggestions . At the very first bite , I was surprised to a great extent of how authentic the food taste was ! The taste is incredibly lasting and it addresses all my senses ! Ingredients were of a very high quality and the presentation of the dishes were very inviting to try and here is the trap ! ! ! You can’t stop eating and enjoying the authentic Lebanese cuisine . I raise my hat to lots of people here : the chef , the hospitality crew and the headquarters training instructors who did a great job to choose the right calibers . Thank you all so much for making this experience so much fun and memorable . I truly hope that the management would consider not to waste time and expand in New Zayed , Fifth Settlement , and Heliopolis where the the true Lebanese enthusiasts would highly appreciate this restaurant in their municipalities . Thank you all for this and wishing all the success . Thumbs up : thumbs_up_light_skin_tone : and highly recommended place should you appreciate the Lebanese magic food EMO_POS
Best food ever , excellent service especially from Karim , Amin , abdo and Adel
بصراحه كريم وامين عملوا معانا الواجب
Thanks for Amin & Kareem for they kind and helpful
الاكل كلن سيئ جدا سمعة علي الفاضي
양갈비가 정말 맛있어요 . 처음 먹어본 양갈비를 넘 맛있게 먹었습니다 .
مطعم زبالة بكل معني الكلمة . في رمضان و طالبة اكل وقت الفطار وطلبت مع طلبات عشان مشغولة مش عارفة اتكلم في التليفون و المندوب بيتصل وقت الفطار يقولي ابعتي اللوكيشن و مجاش اصلا في وقت التسليم و اضطريت افضل من غير اكل والمطاعم قفلت وحاجة منتهي قلة الزمة و الاحترام . منكم لله غير ان المرة اللي قبلها الاكل جه ميتاكلش
Amazing place really , kind of crowded for parking but other things are great you get a great welcome and the food is amazing there is even a section for a ton of desserts
I visited El Dahhan during Ramadan and honestly the food quality was incredibly high . In a time where many brands rely on heavy marketing and hype , this place actually delivers . The taste felt very authentic Egyptian flavorful , well - seasoned , not overly greasy , and just genuinely satisfying . The staff were also very friendly , but because of the Ramadan rush it felt like they might not have been able to keep up with every small detail for all the guests . That’s understandable with the huge crowds during iftar time . Overall , it was a really great experience and definitely worth the price . I’d happily go back again and again , during Ramadan and even outside of it . For me , El Dahhan is truly one of the best real grilled food spots not just a compliment , but an honest opinion because food quality really matters to me .
Very helpful and polit and organized staff Excellent service . Most delicious food Thank for everything
تسوية الطعام ٨٠٪
Mix grill served cold ! ! and had to ask to be heated and still cold
Order what was supposed to be fresh meat and when it arrived the meat was all grey and brown and the smell was rotten . Disgusting and very disappointing
طرش الطرش وزغلول راجل طرش الطرش : heart_suit :
خدمة ممتازة والمكان جميل والاكل كان اجمل شكرا علي حسن الاستقبال مستر سمير
الدهاان واحد بس والاكل و الخدمة فوق الممتازة و شكرا علي الضيافه الجميلة كابتن سمير EMO_POS EMO_POS
الدهان رقم 1 والخدمة والاصطف ممتازين شكرا علي الاداء والضيافة الجميله EMO_POS
الدهان واحد بس اجمل خدمة و اكل و اصطف : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts :
الاكل اكثر من رائع
We went in Ramdan and food was set on table before the iftar time soup was very good , kebab and kofta was nice didn’t like Molokhia or wara Enab that much but considering the rush houre of Ramdan its good service was excellent really
الخدمة ممتازة
كابتن سمير جامد و الاكل جامد
الاجواء كويسه جدا والاكل حلو
اكل رائع جدا والجودة ممتازة والاكل ساخن وشكرا جزيلا للشيفات والكابتن سمير وكل الكابتنز
المكان جميل بصراحة و الاكل تحفة
كابتن سمير افضل حد في المكان و الاكل والاجواء رائعة
خدمه محترمه جدا كابتن سامير اللي كان معايا قمه الزوق والاحترام في التعامل
بسم الله ما شاء الله خدمه ممتازة وطعم الاكل تحفه
حابب اتقدم بخالص الشكر والتقدير لمطعم الدهان علي الخدمة الممتازة والاحترام في التعامل . وكبتن سمير خاصة الاكل كان اكثر من رائع ، والتنظيم والاستقبال كانوا في منتهي الرقي . بجد مكان يستحق التقدير ، وكل التوفيق والنجاح ليكم دايما .
خدمه سريعه
مفيش تنظيم ولا رقاب .
احسن مكان تجيب منه لبس رخيص وكويس
كل مايخص المفروشات واقمشه وملابس جديده ومستعمله . وتستهوي الناس غني وفقير
لو مش هتعرف تفاصل متروحش
فيها كل حاجه الرخيص والغالي
هايل
Wasn’t the best at all service was very bad we literally asked for tahina no one got us anything food is too cold doesn’t worth
اكل سئ للاسف
خدمه طعام تعامل سيئ سيئ سيئ
تعامل سئ جدا من الكابتن البنت اللي بتاخد الاوردر والاكل بيتاخر وتجربة سيئة بالمرة
سئ تعامل غير جيد
اكله تحفه وخدمة ممتازه
Good place to take a break from work
Best coffee as usual
Worst coffee ever ! ! !
Starbucks is always a good idea when you need a nice drink and a chill vibe . Seriously , whether it's super early or late , they've got you covered . It's such a cozy spot to just kick back , relax , or just enjoy your coffee in peace . And their coffee menu is huge – classic stuff , fancy drinks , whatever you're in the mood for , they've got it . Plus , the staff is always nice , and they're everywhere , so it's super easy to grab a refreshing drink whenever . : hot_beverage :
مفيش روح للمكان
الاجواء حلوة في الداون تاون . خلف ستاربكس جلسه حلوه علي النافورة
للامانه مكان رايق ، اذا ترغب تعيش جو استكنان زور المكان
للاسف خدمه سيئه جدا من الموظف احمد . . وللاسف مكشر بوجه الزباين وبرضو تطلب طلبات وتدفع وينسي يسجلها بالاوردر
Didn't eat there , but Starbucks supports Israel
مطعم جميل
اسوء اكل جرلتو فحياتي الاكل مليان دم وغيرهولنا وجاب اكل تاني مليان دم برضو
تحس ان الفراخ ميته حاجه معفه قوي تجربه سيئة جدا حاجه تجيب المرض
الاجواء غير لطيفة وتعامل بدون لباقة مع الزبائن
زيت بالفراخ
جميل واقتصادي
Me gusta : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
الفراخ كانت زفرا جدا و سوده و للاسف تجرب مش هتحصل تاني ابدا
Ordered quarter meat plate came all bones no meat Plus , ordered hot dessert forgot the name of it But it’s supposed to be hot . It came cold told the waiter she started catching attitude , refusing to change it or warm it up horrible service Used to have great food good service now it’s gone down never coming back again
الصراحه احسن مطعم شعبيات في مصر اتمني يضل علي نفس المستوي
تاخر اصحاب التوصيل ياخد اكتر من طلب اكثر من ساعتين
لذيذ
رائع جدا والسعر مقابل القيمة
poor delivery service i ordered it before the iftar by 1 hour and a half . . they didn't deliver even after 2 hours . . they ruined my day
روعه بصراحه
مكان حلو الاكل جميل جدا والاسعار مناسبة اوي
للاسف المواعيد في التوصيل اعطيها صفر من ١٠ . والموظفين المصرين مو محترمين الزباين بدون احترام بعد ما قعدني ساعه انتظر فوق الوقت المحدد للتوصيل يقولي اذا تبغي اوك واذا ما تبغي الغي الطلب بكل برود . . .
مطعم جميل جدا واكله حلو يستاهل الزيارة والتجربة
طعم ممتاز وخدمة جيدة
La cuisine est très bonne , les assiettes sont bien remplis . Les serveurs sont d’une grande gentillesse et serviables , un grand merci à Messi qui s’est très bien occupé de nous Je recommande
Had a nice meal here . There are massive televisions in every direction which overwhelm the atmosphere . But the staff was lovely and the food was nice .
كريم يستحق الشكر علي الخدمة
The food was absolutely delicious ! This has become my new favorite place in Cairo . The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful , and the atmosphere was wonderful . We truly enjoyed our time here and will definitely come back
We had a great experience and treatment by Carlos . A nice garcon . But regretfully had a strange experience when the manager interrupted us talking our table neighbours as restaurant rules when talking in friendly manner with them .
Nice hospitality . Thank you Saif and the rest of the staff . : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
Carlos was attentive to our needs and very helpful . The food tastes great . The meats have not too much spices . Very friendly to our Asian tastebuds . Portions of the food are enough . Restaurant is at the second floor of the building . The entrance is on the side .
Très bon
The place is very nice and has a great atmosphere special thanks to the staff member Karim Ahmed for his kind attitude and professionalism such a great gay , thanks a lot EMO_POS : folded_hands :
Very nice！ Tarek is nice！
Nous avons été servi par Tarek et par les membres de son équipe ! Nous avons passé un moment plus qu agréable ! Tout était au rdv . Service super - cuisine exquise - un orchestre est même venu jouer de la musique ! Décor sympa ! Merci à toute l équipe pour ce beau moment avec vous ! : smiling_face_with_open_hands : … Et le pain ! ! ! Extra ! ! ! Choukrane ! ! !
وكل شي لذيذ
الاكل ممتاز ، الضيافة ممتازة ، قابلنا ا سيف وكان متابع معانا في كل طلباتنا وتعامله ممتاز وراقي
Lentil soup was amazing , so flavoursome . We had the neat fattah , the meat fell apart . Delicious
We had a wonderful experience at Zaza Cuisine . Everything was absolutely excellent . The food was delicious , beautifully presented , and full of rich flavors . Every dish we tried was perfectly prepared , and the overall atmosphere was very pleasant and enjoyable . A very special thanks and greeting to our waiter , Mohamed Salah , who made our visit even more memorable . He was extremely professional , kind , attentive , and made sure we had everything we needed throughout the entire meal . His positive attitude and great service truly stood out . Highly recommended for anyone looking for outstanding food and exceptional service in Cairo .
Great food , great staff ! ! Thank you Tarek for being very gentle : ) )
مهم
Comida con sabores espectaculares , lugar amplio y relajado , el servicio por parte de Tarek excelente muy amable y atento en todo momento . Repetiríamos sin dudar .
Everything was great , highly recommended ! : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
Mohamed Zaki provided very good service . The rest of the restaurant staff also provided very good service to us . Food is affordable and tasty
زكي احلي ويتر
Cozy place I love it
خدمه كويسه لحد ما
مكان جميل جدا جدا
للاسف خدمة و اكل مستواهم بقا سيئ و من اسوء لاسوء و دليفري قلة ادب في التعامل
Worest meal ever . Extremely bad customer service
Food is good but lentil soup is way too salty .
شكرا ل محمود نور ع حسن تعامل والرقي
محل طعمية وفول شعبي من يزور القاهرة لازم يزوره حتي يخرج بتجربة فريدة عن الاكل الشعبي في مصر
احلي سندوتش طعميه
Of course , it's a clean place with a famous name and history . Best of luck always .
ام ماشي
Some awesome food fresh - baked bread Should be cleaned a little bit
المكان ممتع جدا وجميل روعه ميرسي للجميع وخصوصا كابتن محمد ناصر : smiling_face_with_hearts : وسيد الموس
リバー沿いで異国感満載 ちょっとしたパフォーマンスありでマンゴージュース : tropical_drink : 美味しくいただきました。食事してないからそこは星3 ( ^ω^ )
ナイル川の景色、そしてお店雰囲気が最高 : grinning_face_with_big_eyes : 是非カイロに来た際はおすすめのお店
مكان ممتاز جدا
كل حاجه حلوه والخدمه ممتازه
مكان جميل والاكل حلو تجربه هكررها تاني ان شاء الله
من افضل الاماكن الجميلة جدا والجو بتاعها جميل جدا
تحفه EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
المكان تحفه تحفه والاجواء جميله والاكل بجد جميل جدا
الاكل جميل و الاتموسفير رائع بالاضافة لاهتمام الاستاف و الخدمات
مكان لذيذ والناس لذيذه ان شاء الله مش اخر مره EMO_POS EMO_POS
Nil nehri kenarında güzel bir kafe . Müzik eşliğinde Keyifle ve rahatça nargilenizi içebileceğiniz biz bir mekan . Çalışanları çok ilgili ve nazik . Fiyatları Kahire standartlarında
Great experience . The breakfast was very good ! They clean the rooms very well every day , change towels etc . The stuff very kind and helpful . They even exchanged money after we asked for . In great location too ( Zamalek ) .
Great hotel , very clean rooms and warming reception .
Good hotel
Μια ατμοσφαιρική γωνιά στην καρδιά του Καΐρου . Το Flamenco καταφέρνει να συνδυάσει την κομψότητα με μια ζεστή , φιλόξενη αύρα που σε κάνει να ξεχνάς τους ρυθμούς της πόλης έξω . ​Το service ήταν άψογο και διακριτικό , ενώ οι γεύσεις είχαν αυτή την αυθεντικότητα που αναζητάς σε ένα ταξίδι . Ιδανικό σημείο για να απολαύσεις το ποτό σου ή ένα δείπνο , ειδικά αν εκτιμάς την ποιότητα στη λεπτομέρεια . Μια εμπειρία που σίγουρα θα θυμάμαι με το πιο γλυκό χαμόγελο ! » ​Rating : : star : : star : : star : : star :
مستر ايمن رائع في فرع الهرم
هذا ثالث حرة اسكن فيه لموقعع وقربة من كل شي ومن المطاعم الفخمة بس اخر مرخ الغرفة ماعجبتني وحاولت اغيرها ماقدرت الغرفه عند بال الطوارئ و كنت اسمع ازعاج بالليل من العمال والستارة خربانه ارجو الاهتما اكثر في غرف الفندق لانه موقعه وقربه من جميع الاشياء جميل
دي wijk verloedert
Per essere un albergo con queste stelle c aspettavamo qualcosa in più , vista dal piano alto interessante , doppi vetri xche la città è abbastanza rumorosa del resto con 40 . 000 . 000 di abitanti nn poteva esserci silenzio , stanza spaziosa e con letto molto comodo . Arriviamo al Cairo x vedere il GEM e poi via , Vs luoghi più tranquilli .
فندق جيد جدا
I stay here most times I'm in Zamalek . It's my first choice of hotel . The rooms are clean and spacious . The staff are very helpful . The location is easy to find . There are small elevators , but some steps within each floor . Moving suitcases can be tricky , but the staff are there to help !
good buffet breakfast . Great staff on front desk . cleaning of rooms could really be improved . Lots of road noise .
Best seafood pasta ever
Dopo una settimana del solito cibo egiziano abbiamo deciso di provare questa pizzeria anche grazie alle recensioni positive . Infatti non siamo rimasti delusi , personale gentile , piatti molto buoni : bruschetta ( finalmente pane lievitato ! ) , stick di mozzarella e 4 pizze , ottima la bufala , la consiglio più della margherita . 35 euro in 4
Unfortunately , it was a bad experience . The food was not good compared to the price , and it was quite expensive for the quality provided . Also , some of the staff were not polite or professional . I hope the restaurant improves the food quality and customer service .
Restaurante super bonito , comida muy buena y bien de precio . Nos lo recomendaron desde España y al llegar a El Cairo fuimos a cenar . Lo único que tuvimos que ir a por efectivo , porque no se podia pagar con tarjeta y con ninguna otra moneda que no fuera libras egipcias . Por lo demás super bien . Muy atentos también el personal .
Ομορφη , αυθεντικά ιταλική γωνιά στο κέντρο του Καΐρου . Όμορφος χώρος και εξυπηρέτηση με χαμόγελο . Το μενού δεν έχει πάρα πολλά πιάτα ( κάτι που κάνουν συνήθως τα τουριστικά μαγαζιά για να τραβήξουν κόσμο ) αλλά έχει πολύ ωραίες γεύσεις . Οι μερίδες είναι πολύ καλές επίσης ενώ οι τιμές προσιτές για το ελληνικό πορτοφόλι . Το ορεκτικό parmigianno το θεωρώ κορυφαίο γευστικά , το συνιστώ .
Buena comida y excelente y amigable servicio
Fantástico sitio ! ! ! Muy agradable pues la terraza está en un callejón muy acogedor . Fue rápido y la comida muy buena ! ! ! Comimos por 10€ , y dejamos bastante propina .
Friendly staff , authentic food and a cozy atmosphere
At entrance there is sign cash only , but we asked and they said it is possible to pay in USD as well . We had 2 pizzas and 2 bottles of water and check was 955 EGP , which is roughly 20 USD , but they wanted 30 USD . We tried to spoke with manager , but he said "no english" . At the end we refused to pay 30 USD , and we have go with the manager to the nearest ATM to withdraw EGP and to pay bill in Egyptian pounds . After we have him 1000 EGP he suddenly asked in english do we want change . This was very unprofessional and unpleasant experience and I would never go back there
Félicitations pour ce restaurant ! Accueil très agréable , emplacement très charmant et les assiettes ( pâtes et risotto ) sont un véritable délice pour les papilles . Bravo aux cuisiniers et serveurs .
Abren cuando les apetece , yo fui dos veces , las dos cerrado y sin previo aviso . Un desastre .
值得推薦的義大利餐廳 : italy : ，點了牛肝菌燉飯、披薩 : pizza : （Salami、Cairoma）、海鮮濃湯 : shrimp : 、莫札瑞拉起司條，每一道料理水準都很高，燉飯軟硬適中，牛肝菌搭配橄欖油提味，好吃到讓人一口接一口，披薩部分相對中規中矩，水牛奶馬蘇里拉起司或是莫札瑞拉起司烤到恰到好處，完整融入披薩餡料，只可惜吃到後來會有點膩，海鮮濃湯推薦絕對要點，奶油香氣搭配海鮮鮮甜，創造出完美的鹹甜口味，湯頭濃郁但又不會到太膩，搭配主食就是一頓美味的大餐
Great pizza . A bit overpriced and serve is very slow though . AND CASH ONLY
مطعم جميل احلي شي البيتزا عجبتني بيتزا الترافيل
More than perfect : saudi_arabia :
價格雖然不便宜。但食物與服務都不錯。值得推薦。而且生意很好。
Premetto che sono italiana . . . Dopo aver assaggiato cibo egiziano per 3 giorni di seguito volevamo prenderci una pausa culinaria e abbiamo optato per questo ristorante . Alla fine ci siamo ritornati anche la sera successiva , perché era tutto delizioso ! Ci lavora una famiglia di persone italo - egiziane che hanno vissuto in Italia per anni e quindi conoscono e sanno replicare alla perfezione i veri sapori italiani , utilizzando anche gli ingredienti giusti . L'atmosfera è molto piacevole e il locale è decorato con immagini che ricordano l'Italia . Inoltre i gestori sono gentili e simpatici : Mahmoud parla benissimo l'italiano ( con tanto di accento romano ! ) e abbiamo conosciuto anche il cuoco Mishu . La pasta è cucinata alla perfezione : cottura al dente e salse molto curate e delicate nei sapori . Buonissima la pasta al salmone , la cacio e pepe , l'antipasto di mozzarella stick e le pizze . Consigliatissimo agli italiani e anche ai turisti che cercano una vera cucina italiana al Cairo ! ! !
ريزتو بحري 10/10 سباجتي بحري 10/10 باستا دجاج10/10
Amazing Food
The food was great , but unfortunately the glasses were not washed properly and still had a bad smell . It was quite unpleasant , and my friend almost felt like vomiting . Please make sure the staff here do their job as well as the staff at the Dokki branch . They serve customers sincerely and treat everyone kindly without being judgmental or rude .
The food is really delicious , and the staff are friendly
Lovely : heart_suit : : heart_suit : : heart_suit :
Tasty steak
The best of the best EMO_POS , food was delicious , the service was excellent EMO_POS and the atmosphere is gorgeous : smiling_face_with_hearts :
Great dining experience with well spoken and knowleagable staff . Waiting times were not long . The presentation of the food was only outdone by its taste .
اجواء لطيفه ولكن منيو عقيم مش مفهوم واصرار رهيب ع two side انواع معينه من الباستا وده غير مهاري لاني غير مجبر ع اكل بطريقه معينه سعر غير مقابل خدمه
Äußerst aufmerksames Service , hervorragende Qualität des Essens und wunderbare Lage am Nil . Wir sind nach dem ersten Abendessen am nächsten Tag sofort nochmals hin . Große Empfehlung !
Bence Nil Nehri kıyısındaki en iyi mekanlardan biri . Mekan zamelek adasında bulunuyor ve 4 . katta menüsü oldukça çeşitli ve fiyatları oldukça uygun . Bir şeyler yemek ve içmek için kesinlikle tavsiye ederim .
An excellent place with good service . The atmosphere is beautiful and peaceful . It overlooks the Nile directly . We gathered for breakfast during Ramadan 1447 . H
Very video and nicely overlooking the nile
ナイル川の夜景を一望できるダイニングバー。雰囲気も良くて、料理も美味しかったです。ナイル川に面したテラス席が人気のようで、早めに予約した方がいいと思います。中の席でしたが、早い時間でもすぐ一杯になっていました。
Crimson Bar & Grill offers an exquisite and vibrant nightlife experience . : sparkles : The atmosphere is truly elegant , drawing in a diverse crowd . The food and service were exceptional . : hundred_points : While it's a bit pricey , it's worth it for a special night out . Parking can be a bit tricky , so plan ahead or ask the hotel for guidance ! : p_button :
I was here on vacation unfortunately not to dressy I was denied access they had a “private Event” well I guess I wasn’t welcome and parking was Empty ! ! : face_with_tears_of_joy :
Had dinner at this place . I ordered the mushrooms soup and grilled chicken thighs . The food was amazing and the atmosphere really great too with a stunning views ! Also the bread they bring as side is simply delicious . I would definitely recommend this place !
تمام اتمني يعجبكم
Периодически ходим туда . Там вкусно . Блюда необычные . Есть алкоголь . Несколько раз были - кофе машина не работала . Часто бывает битая посуда . Не люблю такого . С учетом того , что ресторан в общем недешевый и имеет опеределенный уровень . Обслуживание разное . Но порой официанта не дождешься . Внизу при входе всегда спрашивают номер телефона . Иногда документы . В рамадан могут спросить оригинал паспорта . ( Убедиться а том что Вы иностранец )
Great food . Disappointed in the service . Many staff were obviously not trained which led to confusion and lack of any real attention . We were basically ignored until we flagged down the waiter ( several times ) . The food was very good , best meal we have had in Cairo but the service will likely keep us from returning . Cocktails were very expensive and we skipped those . All in all , not an enjoyable experience as the price doesn't meet the expectations .
Amazing views from the balcony , really friendly service . Food was amazing , freshly cooked and really tasty .
The food , service and atmosphere is very good ! I support it getting featured on Michelin Bib Gourmand .
Très belle découverte Lieu soigne agréable et une vue sur le Nil qui est plus qui fait son effet Cuisine délicieuse , copieuse et service impeccable Je recommande
Amazing food , with OK service . Note the space is small and smoking is allowed indoors , it could bother some guests . Great Nile views , would recommend visiting for a great meal in Cairo
روعة
Great place . Very friendly service . Food was very good . The starters are great
Sat on the outside patio . Sliders , coffee and some truffles . Really enjoyed .
Late service for order . The service staff is not well educated . And has a bad attitude .
Too expensive . Paid 1020 for scrambled eggs and a matcha . Also , the 14% VAT is not just on the order but also on the additional 12% service which is ridiculous .
Over priced
Nice place for a brunch , great food and service
The Vegan food is excellent and the service is beyond amazing
My favorite place and staff are super welcoming and friendly specially Mariem : white_heart : : white_heart :
Food served on time and big thanks for mariam she’s very helpful and friendly EMO_POS EMO_POS
Very good service , special thanks to Maryam
Thank u so much and special thanks to Mariam she is so sweet and helped us alot EMO_POS
The place is so cozy and the staff especially maryam she is so energetic
Best service EMO_POS mariam was very helpful and very active however we were in iftar time but every thing was on time
Great restaurant with amazing organised staff , thanks to mariam for nice hospitality
الاكل كويس مقارنة ما ولكن المدير اسلوبه مش احسن حاجة ، جاي وقت الفطار انا و اصدقائي ويقولي لازم تاخد من ال Set Menu ، اقوله طيب هو مينفعش اخد من المنيو العادي مش موافق برضه ويقولي تعليمات الادارة تعالي بعد الساعة ٧ و نص ، ياعم ده وقت فطار مفيش خالص حتي لو مش خطاوا ف خطا الادارة
Great foot , great portions
My favorite restaurant so far EMO_POS EMO_POS ١ . الخدمة : ممتازة ، من اول الويتر اللي بيسجل الاوردر ، لحد ما تدفع الحساب فعلا محترمين جدا . . اكتر من مرة طلبنا تعديل في مكونات الطبق وبيعملولنا بالظبط اللي بنطلبه وبكل ترحاب . ٢ . نظافة المكان : المكان نظيف جدا من حيث الطرابيزات ، الحمامات ، الارضيات . ٣ . الاكل : جودة الاكل ممتازة . . مكونات عالية الجودة ، حتي الاكل النباتي او الصيامي طعمه حلو ومخدوم كويس جدا . ٤ . خدمة التوصيل سريعة والاكل بيوصل سخن ومتغلف كويس . ٥ . التنوع في الاصناف : منيو متنوع من اول الفطار ، سلطات ، اصناف جانبية ، معجناب وبيتزا ، اطباق رئيسية ، حلويات ، اطباق نباتية . ٦ . الاسعار : في رايي ان الاسعار جيدة خاصة مقابل الجودة المقدمة . بيسترو تجربة ممتازة فعلا وبيرحبوا باي تعليق علي الاكل بترحاب واحترام .
Honestly , the food is excellent and the overall atmosphere is wonderful , but what made me decide to write this review today was the classy and professional service I received from Captain Mariam . Why is Mariam so special? Welcome and Greeting : As soon as we entered , she greeted us with a cheerful smile and a very pleasant demeanor , making us feel at home , not just as customers . Ordering Intelligence : She has an excellent ability to explain the menu and recommend dishes that perfectly suited our tastes , and the choices were absolutely perfect . Speed ​​and Attention to Detail : Even though the place was busy , she kept an eye on every detail of the table , ensuring we didn't need to order twice . Professionalism : It's rare to find someone who understands the "principles of hospitality" so well—eloquent , quick - witted , and attentive to the smallest details . Summary : Bistro Nasr City is always a great choice , but having staff like Mariam is what makes us want to come back again and again . She's a wonderful representative of the restaurant and a perfect example of a successful manager who truly knows how to win over customers . Thank you , Mariam , for this lovely experience , and thank you to Bistro for their excellent staff selection ! : clapping_hands_light_skin_tone : : clapping_hands_light_skin_tone : : clapping_hands_light_skin_tone : : clapping_hands_light_skin_tone :
بجد بجد من احسن المطاعم ع الاطلاق باروح كل فروعه بس بقيت مدمنه فرع مدينه نصر بسبب مريم القمر بتعمل احلي هوت شوكليت واحلي فريبتشينو ف الدنيا
Great place highly recommended specially with the hospitality of Mr Ahmed Shehatah the manager
: heart_suit : : heart_suit :
Not as good as before
المكان جميل والخدمه مميزه يستحق التجربه .
مكان جميل ونظيف والخدمه كويسه جدا والناس ذوق ومتعاونيين
It was a good experience Good Service EMO_POS
المكان حلو جدا والاكل تحفة
المكان جميل والاكل تحفه
تجربه ممتازه وفريق عمل رائع
مدير جيد جدا
Delicious fresh food & good service
تعبان شاورما صيامي ملهاش طعم
الاكل ني وبارد
جبنا الاكل وجلنا كلنا نزله معاويه
الاكل تحفة جدا والخدمة فوق الممتاز
سيء جدا
Primum quality
Best food ever
very bad service , bad food for my part , expensive and expensive tax , the mood is 0 , nothing interising excep take yoour money
A great pizzeria for the right price .
مطعم سيء يبيع المشروبات المسكرة المحرمة في جميع الاديان للاسف لم اعرف الا بعد الانتهاء .
The food is beyond amazing , pizzas , pastas , lasagna . An actual authentic Italian place with reasonable prices . 100% recommend . 100% thankful for the experience . Would not recommend for delivery; dine in only : face_savoring_food :
Highly recommended . Food is so yummy
Staff are friendly , pizza is tasteless , it's not good or bad It's just tasteless , you are paying around 200 l . e for a small pizza , it just tastes like nothing , not good , not bad , not salty A pie from a local oven has more taste And the funny thing : extra vegetables as an option makes you pay money for each type lf vegetables So it's like if you want pepper +tomatoes that's 2 additions I had very high expectations for the place but it was really bland and tasteless
Extremely good quality , nice stuff : ok_hand_light_skin_tone : highly professional EMO_POS
Tasty Italian pizza in a historical shop . . .
Very nice place and delicious food : shallow_pan_of_food :
للاسف والله شوف عيني البيتزا يطلعها من الفرن ويمسحها بمنديل من من فوق عشان تشيل الزيت الي به وهذي مب طريقه ابدا ولا يعوفون شي اسمه قلفز للاسف خايس
Old fashioned place with a vintage feel . Food was good but the seating area was limited .
بصراحة ابدا مو لذيذ ما انصح بالتجربة
decent prices with decent taste , fast service
زي الفل
لا انصح به
روعه
طلبت اوردر الساعه ٣ عشان يجيلي ٥ ونص وجالي الساعه ٧ الا ربع بعد الفطار بساعه اسوء تجربه الصراحه
ماشاء الله تبارك الله
سئ للغايه
طعام سئ وليس له علاقه بالاكل السوري
والله العظيم سئ جدا وغير منظمين والاكل متاخر
خدمة ممتازة
خدمة ممتازة ودكتورة علي اعلي مستوي
خدمة رائعة وخصوصا علاقات المرضي
خدمه ممتازه
خدمة رائعة
للاسف تجربة اسوء ما يكون لما دكتور يبلغ المريض و اهله ان فيه ورم ولازم تدخل سريع ولازم ندخل عمليات حالا و هنقص الامعاء و نشيل و نفتح في الجنب و نركب كيس خارجي للاخراج و لما اتكلمنا و سالنا طاب فيه اي حاجة تاكد التشخيص يبصلنا بقرف و يقرر انه يمشي و يسيبنا و يقولنا انت بتفتوا او بتقولوا اي كلام لما دكتور ياكد ان المشكلة ورم بنسبة ٩٩٪؜ و لما نسال هي حاله المريض تسمح بعملية زي ديه و يقول اصل لو معملتوش العملية هتموت و لو عملتوها و حصل خطا خلاص مش فارقه … وطالما انتوا مش عايزين عملية يبقي اكتبوا تعهد و امضوا و عشان الحمد لله ربنا بيحبنا خرجنا من المستشفي و رحنا لدكتور تاني و اول كلمه قالها ان ده مش ورم وان ده انعكاس الامعاء في الاشعه و الحمد لله روحنا مستشفي تانية محترمه و بيفهموا و بيعرفوا يتعاملوا مع المريض انه انسان و في ازمة صحية و عملنا العملية و مطلعش ورم و طلع انسداد معوي بسبب التصاقات في الامعاء ، ياريت لو يبقي عندكم دكاتره بتفهم و تعرف تتعامل مع المرضي ازاي و يبقي انسان يعرف يقول ايه و يتكلم ازاي مش يبقي بيحاول يضغط علي المرضي عشان ياخدوا اجراء مش محتاجين ليه بغرض سحب فلوس من المريض و استغلاله لو الكلام ده من دكتور صغير ساعتها نقول معلش قلة خبرة بس لما يبقي استشاري الجراحة دكتور علاء الدين عبد الله فراج يبقي مش عارفة اقول ايه غير حسبي الله و نعم الوكيل فيك
good hospital
سئ
اسوء سحور في مصر مفيش نظام تقف في دماغ اللي قاعد عشان تلحق ترابيزة الاكل بيطلع من طاسة القلية في منتهي القذارة ، سيبنا المكان ومشينا
great place to get traditional egyptian food . very friendly staff ( salam , abu ahmed : D ) and great price . we had a whole table of foods and , including tip , paid ~300 EGP ( ~5€ ) . prices from early 2026 . when you are in Cairo , give this place a try : )
مطعم غالي بالاونطه والاكل طعمه وحش وبارد يا خساره الفلوس حسبي الله ونعم الوكيل
Nice place
Nice place by the Nile to relax at the end of the day , nice sisha and drinks , the staff do their best to help EMO_POS
One of my favourites
Kahvaltı yaptık , falafelli bir tabaktı ismini hatırlamıyorum içinde omlet , sürme peynir ve bakladan veya barbunyadan yapılmış sos ve patlıcan kızartma vardı tabak 200 mısır lirasıydı ve doyurucu geldi , servis ilgi alaka çok iyiydi ancak hesap geldiğinde 200 mısır lira civari servis ücreti ve 200 msıır lira vergi ödedik bu başında söylenmemişti bu kötü oldu ama onun dışında fiyatları ortalama
Place in dirty . We ordered 2 tuna sandwiches and paid over 700 pounds . Food is below average . The fries looked like they were left over from someone else . Table covers came 5 mins after tbe food arrived . Water took 30 mins to arrive and not to mention how untrained and unprofessional the staff are . I would never go back to any of their venues ever again . Shame on you .
المكان جميل علي النيل تقدروا تستمتعوا بالوقت الصبح مجربتش الاكل كنافة بالقشطة فقط
The service is very low and they talk to much with the visitors either that is good , the food and the beverage is perfect
طلبت من عندهم ستيك مشروم زي الي مبين عندهم بطلبات وصلني اللي متصور الله وكيلكم : man_facepalming_light_skin_tone :
الكنافة سيئة جدا
المكان في الليل هادي وجميل
كافيه خدمته و اجوائه جميل جدا و ابراهيم وابو يوسف شيشة من اروع الشباب
Köstliche Speisen , schöne Einrichtung
Heerlijk eten , sfeervol en niet duur
Restaurant beaucoup recommandé mais un peu décevant ! La nourriture est bonne dans l’ensemble mais vraiment pas incroyable surtout les grillades . Le service n’était pas terrible
Super resto entre amis je recommande
Essen war wirklich eine 10/10 und der Service genau so ! Preise sind auch voll okay und man muss auf jeden Fall die Mushroom Soup bestellen ! Wirklich die beste Suppe die ich je gegessen habe , wir kommen auf jeden fall nochmal !
Fabulous food and lovely atmosphere .
Magnífica experiencia ! La Cocina es muy rica , con platos de influencia libanesa pero muy similares a los de cocina egipcia . Servicio correcto y ambiente también . Volveremos !
Very poor service with an improper attitude from the staff .
Πολύ μέτριο - κακό μαγαζί γενικά . Φαγητό μέτριο . Εξυπηρέτηση πολύ κακή και παααααρα πολύ αργή χωρίς να χει κόσμο . Ατμόσφαιρα χάλια επειδή κάπνιζαν πολλοί και μοίραζε παντού τσιγαρίλα .
الله يبارك لهم اقسم بالله اكلهم لذيذ : ok_hand : وما يغث وفي نفس الوقت خفيف يارب يفتحون في السعوديه EMO_POS
اكل عادي جدا
久しぶりに訪れたところ、味・サービスが著しく落ちていて残念。客はほとんど外国人だったので、さほどおいしくなくても、アルコールがあるから集客できているのだろう。再訪はしない。 ［食事］Taboulaは野菜よりパンがとても多く、アエイシの野菜添えという感じ。グリルチキンは、身がバサバサ。前菜はまあまあ。 ［サービス］ひどい。原因はウエーターの数がまったく足りていないこと。注文の際に何回も呼んでやっと来たと思ったら、非常に感じが悪い。まずは前菜を注文して、後からメインを頼むと言ったら、いつまで待てばいいんだ！作っちゃいけないのか！飲み物しか注文しないのか！と攻撃的に言われた。残った食事のテイクアウトをお願いしたら、注文を受けたのと同じウエーターが来て、とっとと片付けようとしたのでテイクアウトを再依頼。非常にアグレッシブに、どれを持って帰りたいんだ！と言われた。この１番年配の小柄なウエイターに雰囲気を台無しにしている。
Ce restaurant nous a été recommandé . Quelle déception . Réputation surfaite . Nos deux repas principaux de viande étaient beaucoup trop cuit , la viande très dure . Et que dire des gens qui fument . L’air est irrespirable . A éviter
The only good thing about this place is how it looks . Menu with some fancy names that mislead what you will get . They don't have sides meniu , but also kai dishes come with nothing , spoon of rice or spoon of French fries , in our case fries where drowning under the beef with pomegranate sauce , that taste like balsamic vinegar . Do people like soggy wet fries? Didn't know that . . all the cold starters like simple humus is over 120 le . . i was happy to see they have tomato juice as "virgin mary" but sadly didn't habe ir also . . smoking is also allowed . The place is next to the american embassy , so I guess it's dedicated for foreigners who has no idea what the food can be here in Egypt , but sadly there is not many places and the embassy also closed lots of streets , so just to get there is a lot of walking .
Great atmosphere and friendly staffs . They are all attentive enough and quick service . It was nice dinner here . Food are all delicious .
Very good food . Affordable and also vegetarian options
I like this place
راع جدا
Very bice
This is the biggest mall in Giza district . Very clean and less crowded . It could be me , but the only issue I had was there are limited restaurants .
Several luxury brands are present here . Valet parking is available for L . E . 120 pounds .
مول فندق فور سيزون الجيزة روعه
مكان جميل للتسوق
مول رائع وراقي والاجواء رائعه هدوء نظافة
مول صغير تابع لفندق الفور سيزون
The mall itself is top - notch . However , taxi drivers outside the mall are scamming foreigners . One taxi driver in front of the mall initially said the price was 500 . After a 7 - minute trip , he claimed it was 500 euros . Mall security should remove these taxi drivers from the area .
Good mall
Atmosphere was outstanding .
تجربه شراء قريبه من فندقك
Staff members are so helpful Food is 10/10 recommend shrimp fries and egyptian foul
حلو بس زحمه
ما شاء الله احسن سحور في مصر عظمة يا عم وحيد
الاسعار اوفر ومفيش يعتبر عروض
الكل كويس معاهك الدجاج المشوي جميل جدا والبطاطس والثوميه حلوه اوي بس الرز مزيت شويه و الخدمه جميله والمكان نضيف وحلو والاسعار متوسطه
الخدمة ممتازة وافراد المكان محترمين ولكن جودة الاكل غير لائق بحجم المكان
الاكل محترم الصراحه بس الاسعار اغلي شويه من اسعار السوق
خدمة كويسه
: sparkles : : sparkles : : sparkles : : sparkles : : sparkles :
Caracas is a Lebanese restaurant that I definitely recommend , especially for dinner . The vibes are nice and create a warm , enjoyable atmosphere . Prices are acceptable and fair compared to the quality of the food and overall experience . The menu offers a wide variety of options , including a good selection for breakfast , which makes it suitable for different times of the day . Overall , a very good experience and a place worth visiting .
مطعم سيئ وتعامل الموظفين سيئ ويجبرون الشخص علي اكل معين وخصوصا الموظف علي بدير
Mahmoud farag was so helpful
Ask for Mahmoud farag , very helpful : ok_hand :
Ask for Mahmoud Farag , very helpful : thumbs_up_medium - light_skin_tone :
كان طيب جدا بس اسعارو غالي
محمود جابر افضل موظف في كاراكاس من افضل الموظفين الي شفتهم في حياتي . ويستاهل كل خير
Mahmoud Farag is the best & the food is super : smiling_face_with_open_hands :
غالي علي الفاضي
Nice place for gathering and meeting with friends and co - workers
اكلهم لذيذ . . وترتيب مميز : white_heart : : hand_with_index_finger_and_thumb_crossed :
Delicious Lebanese food . Quick and friendly service . Special thanks to our waiters Mr . Youssef and Mr . Mahmoud . Maybe a couple of additional gas heaters in the outside seating area would make guests freeze less . Unfortunately they don't offer blankets so it was uncomfortable to dine outside in the evening and we had to leave earlier than planned .
مطعم يقدم افضل استيك في المول شكرا علي حسن الاستقبال
انا بحب الفراخ الشيش من عنده قوي
اروع اكل في مصر تحفة
Delicious
food was magical ! is it even real?
من زمان والطعم احلي من اي مكان
المكان جميل والاكل روعه
المكان فوق الممتاز والخدمه جميله و الاكل تحفه ماشاء الله
احسن كبابجي حاليا في مصر لو حابب التنوع يعني تاكل حاجة جنب الكباب والكفتة
Not very good
المكان ممتاز
المشويات حلوه جده
I contacted your restaurant at 1 : 00 PM to arrange a reservation for 16 people . I was clearly informed that there would be no issue with accommodating us and that no further confirmation was required . Based on this assurance , we all arrived at the agreed time . Unfortunately , upon arrival , we were unexpectedly refused entry in a very cold and unprofessional manner , without any respect or consideration for the large group or the prior confirmation given to us . This situation caused significant embarrassment in front of my guests and wasted our time , especially since we relied on your confirmation .
الاكل تحفه الخدمه تحفه و الوتير محمد فرج ممتاز في الاداء و الخدمه
ستيك وكباب عشره من عشرة وبشكر كابتن اميره : smiling_face_with_hearts : EMO_POS
Top , viande excellente . Mention spéciale Amira
Muy buena la pizza y el shawarma de carne
A Lebanese restaurant that offers delicious items , great taste and generous with customers . .
المطعم اكله جميل جدا و مضمون
Amazing : smiling_face_with_hearts : EMO_POS
Buena comida porciones generosas
جيد بس فيه كام حاجه الصراحه السندوتشات السوري بالسجق عادي من احسن حاجه والكاشير لازم يكون معاك فكه جنيهات وفيه شورما الفراخ مفهوش حشو كتير
Very good Lebanese taste
Ordered takeout . Staff were very friendly & food delivered pretty quickly and was delicious .
شاورما اللحم رائعة مكان جيد
Great shawarma : face_savoring_food : every time I go to cairo , Last time on Feb , I've noticed that the tast slightly different , Last year it was like a more lime : lemon : test on the shawarma , I don't know if that's coming from the mayo sauce . So , I suggest to put more lime with the mayo sauce . Many Thanks for successful boss and all staff .
خدمه ممتازه جدا
Service plus que médiocre , attente de 2 h malgré toute une armée de serveurs volatiles . Nourriture fade et peu raffinée . Rien à voir avec la cuisine Libanaise
I went to this branch more than 20 years ago , it was very lively and friendly . As I walked in this time the guy kept insisting that we have to eat or we can't be seated . It was not a warm welcome at all . There was a football match that night which we didn't care about but he kept directing us where to sit which also wasn't accommodating . The food was the only good thing , the service was very slow considering there were only 4 other tables . The quality of this place has gone significantly down it's a shame to see it in this state .
Terrace of a balcony
Excellent food , excellent service , generous portions and fantastic environnement . I highly recommend this restaurant .
Very rude stuff
Price very high ,
Ein unvergesslicher Zufallsfund – absolut authentisch und herzlich ! Was als spontaner Umweg begann , wurde zu einem der schönsten Essenserlebnisse unserer Reise . Unser aufmerksamer Taxifahrer – dem wir ewig dankbar sein werden – empfahl uns dieses versteckte Juwel , als wir nach einem Ort suchten , der uns während des Ramadans mit echten ägyptischen Falafel versorgen konnte . Was dann folgte , hat uns wirklich überwältigt : Obwohl es tagsüber während des Ramadans war , hat die Küche eigens für uns den Ofen angeworfen und ein wunderbares Mahl gezaubert . Die Falafel waren schlichtweg perfekt – superkross , frisch und voller Geschmack , genau so , wie sie sein sollen . Dazu gab es frisch gebackenes Pita - Brot , einen knackigen Salat mit reifen Tomaten , Gurken und aromatischen Kräutern , eine cremige Mischung aus Frischkäse , Tomaten und Gurken sowie knusprige Pommes mit einem herrlich würzigen Topping . Das Herzerwärmendste war die Gastfreundschaft – man hat sich wirklich die Mühe gemacht , uns zu bewirten , obwohl der Betrieb zu dieser Zeit normalerweise ruhte . Das ist echter ägyptischer Charakter . Und das Beste? Das gesamte Festmahl für gerade einmal ca . 2 Euro pro Person . Unschlagbar . Wer auf der Suche nach authentischer ägyptischer Küche und echter Herzlichkeit ist , sollte unbedingt hierher kommen – am besten mit einem ortskundigen Taxifahrer ! : egypt :
الفول عنده حلو والاكل كويس ونضيف والاسعار حلوه بس الكاشير اسلوبه وحش ولازم جنيهات فكه والانتظار كتير
خدمة ممتازة وتعامل راقي
العشق
فرع ردئ جدا
Peaceful , clean , and affordable option in the beautiful Zamalek district . Greetings to Ahmed from the reception and the rest of the team for taking great care of us .
علي النيل تحفه
Very good location , the vibes of the hotel is cood , not perfect cleanliness , break fast was ordinary not perfect . Overall good stay .
Elçiliklerin olduğu bi mahallede , okullar da var güvenli bir mahalle her akşam sokak yürüyüşüne çıkıyorduk , ayrıca Nil kenarı olduğu için teknelere binip 1 saatlik gezilere çıkabilirsiniz . Otelin kahvaltısı çok güzeldi . Cafesi de var orada da çok lezzetli yemekler var , temiz güzel otel , çalışanları da çok kibar , kesinlikle tavsiye ederim
تراث
الموظفين والموقع والنظافة ١٠٠٪؜
تجربة سيئة ودون المستوي مع اني دافع مبلغ وقدره لكن الخدمة سيئة وفيه مماطلة من قبل الصيانه والاستقبال
Öncelikle tüm çalışanlara teşekkür ederim . İlk gün odamızda sorunlar vardı ama hemen ilgilenip çözüm üretirler . Kahvaltısı orta düzey diyebilirim . Konum olarak Kahire’nin tahrir bölgesi aşırı karışık bir yer bu nedenle zamalek adası gayet iyi konumda kalıyor . Otel çalışanlarına tek tavsiyem bize ilk başta verdikleri odayı kimseye vermemeleri çünkü odanın neredeyse camı yoktu , metrekaresi küçüktü ve banyosu aşırı kötüydü . Onun dışında her şey yolunda gitti . Teşekkürler
ممتازين بتعامل وخاصة معتز واحمد يعطيهم الف عافيه
Bize verdikleri odadan mı kaynaklıydı bilmiyorum odanın tek penceresi çok küçük ve büyük bir koridorun arkasında . Ayrıca odada internet çekmiyordu . Özellikle söylememize rağmen tek havlu getirdiler . Otele çok yakın bir gece kulübü varmış geç saatlere kadar müzik sesi geliyor . Kahvaltısı iyiydi . Personel güleryüzlüydü . Benim için en önemlisi tüm yiyecek içecekler helaldi . Ayrıca konum olarak kahirenin en güvenli yerlerinden birinde olması güzeldi .
Om Kalthoum Hotel – Two Stays , Two Perspectives Having stayed at Om Kalthoum Hotel on two separate occasions , I was able to get a good sense of what the hotel does well and where expectations should be managed . During our first stay , we were on the 16th floor in a room without a view , but it was surprisingly spacious and better furnished than expected . The room included a microwave , hairdryer , and a TV on a rotating mount , which made the space feel practical and comfortable . Our second stay was on the 2nd floor with a view . While both rooms clearly showed their age , they were in line with what we’ve come to expect from mid - range hotels in Egypt . On our late January 2026 visit , it was clear that renovations were actively underway . Several rooms were completely stripped down and being rebuilt , which is a very positive sign . Future guests will likely benefit greatly once this work is completed . Cleanliness was good overall . One small observation is that the softer , fluffier towels seemed to be reserved for the gym rather than the rooms . Noise levels were interestingly inconsistent . Street noise was actually worse on the 16th floor . Either we adjusted over time , or the windows on the lower floors offered better insulation . Wi - Fi was slow and unreliable , making it unsuitable for work or streaming . We relied on mobile data tethering for anything important . Breakfast was a standout . The selection changed regularly , and the variety was impressive — including items like blue cheese on one morning . This was easily one of the strongest aspects of the stay . Most of the staff spoke good English , with only one or two exceptions , and everyone was polite and helpful . Pricing , however , felt uneven : the 2nd - floor room with a view didn’t quite justify the higher cost in its current condition . As with many hotels in Egypt , the hot water was extremely hot , bordering on scalding . Tips for future guests : Don’t rely on the Wi - Fi; mobile data works far better . Lower floors may be quieter than higher ones . Renovations are ongoing , so conditions should improve . Ask staff to turn on the power in the gym if needed . Be cautious with the hot water . Overall , Om Kalthoum Hotel offers generous room sizes , excellent breakfast , and helpful staff , with clear signs of improvement on the way .
اطلالة المكان تحفة والاكل يجنن
مطعم الكبابجيThe experience is amazing in Ramadan
تجربه افطار في رمضان اسوا تجربه طعام في هذا المطعم . موظفه الاستقبال مالها نفس تشتغل . تم توضيح ان نظامهم افطار علي الشخص وكنا شخصين . قالوا الدخول للشخص 450 . واتفاجا بعدين الفاتوره 5300 يعني نصب في نصب . اخر مره اجي المطعم ذا والفندق . تجربه سيئه بالكامل مقابل اسعار وخدمه لاترتقي بالمامول
Ottima location sul Nilo
We dined there with my wife during our stay at the Sofitel . The location is great , with direct views on the Nile , the pathway is beautiful , and the bread is homemade and really good . The service however was really bad and did ruin our night : there are many servers but nonetheless everything was very slow ( humus , babaganush , and a mix grill , we had to wait over 45mins , and the bread another 5mins after that despite asking for it twice ) . Food was OK , nothing special but not bad either . Also I ordered sparkling water , and got still water instead . It’s fine but I told the server , and he repeated that I ordered still water ( with insistance ) . This is certainly a miscommunication due to language barrier , and again this is fine , but the reaction was not . Overall a bad experience , especially for the hefty price…
Horrible service , they tried to charge me extra for food courses i didn’t order . They only service bigger tables and completely ignore all the other tables . Food is extremely underwhelming for the price .
نجمتين للموقع فقط الاكل غير لذيذ والخدمه عاديه خساره الموقع روعه عالنيل ياليت يهتمون اكثر بمذاق الاكل
The place is amazing , the service was wonderful from the moment we went in and we didnt even have any reservations . The food was so quick to arrive and super delicious and the presentation was amazing . The nile view is wonderful and calm and the atmosphere and location are perfect .
Tres bin accueil . Je vous recommande Amer , , un excellent serveur ainsi que ses equipes .
Grill as usual great , together with appetizers .
الاكل جيد جدا والمكان والخدمة رائعه ، المكان يحتاج حجز
الاكل ممتاز والناس محترمين وبشوشين بالاخص استاذ نور واشتاذ حمد جمال
food is okay , good in general , view is spectacular , service is very good , the problem is with the beverages , avoid water or tea , they are more expensive than beer ! !
مطعم جلسات داخلية وخارجية مطلة ع التيل اجراءاهم جميلة يوجد لديهم طرب او باند في المساء اجواءهم جميلة مشهورين بالمشاري
مكان رائع و الخدمة ممتازه و الاكل لذيذ و الاسعار معقوله : ok_hand_light_skin_tone :
Beautiful place , great food , very polite staff ! Thank you ! ! !
Beautiful view and atmosphere . The food is delicious specially mix grill
Amazing atmosphere . . great team ( abdel aziz and mr . Nour ) . Very supporting
انا ماشوفتش سرقة علنية بالشكل ده انا روحت مع عائلتي للفرع اللي في الماظة بارك وقريت المنيو والاسعار كان عالية جدا بس قررت اروح يمكن السعر المبالغ فيه ده هيكون قدامه مقابل مناسب طلبت ربع تيس يجي لي 3 قطع لحم عبارة عن جلد وعظم ايه هو نوع التيس اللي الربع منه بالحجم ده واللي كان طالب نفر لحم يجي له قطعة لحم فقط ومفيش اي سلطات جانية بتنزل مع الاكل اي سلطة انت اللي تشتريها بسعر اضافي مبالغ فيه جدا وينزل لك عينة سلطة مش كمية مناسبة حتي وخدمة 400ج وضرايب 600ج اسوا تجربة اكل انا شوفتها ماانصحش اي حد يروح يجرب واللي هيروح يشتري فراخ فقط مايشتريش اي اطباق لحم
افضل مندي في مصر
من افضل المطاعم المندي بالقاهرة
يستاهل خمس نجوم
I rate it as the number one Yemeni restaurant in Cairo . Yemei food in a global standards .
Lovely place Very nice team Service is very good
Prices are a little high but other that that every thing is okay
Good for shisha and a beverage . Also great for watching football matches
اسؤ مكان ممكن تروحو جو زفت اسعلر مبالغ فيها معاملة خرة اكل بشع
اكل تحفه بصراحه لذيذ جدا
Very owful service with a bad attitude of the stuff
the best
مطعم ممتاز
نظيف جدا
Great takeaway place . Was super - busy with delivery drivers , which we always take as a good sign . Staff were so friendly . We can’t speak any Arabic and they don’t speak English but they were so welcoming and through google translate they patiently helped us get some great food ! Had a few of their sandwiches , falafel and fries , which were tasty . Highly recommended
احلي فول مدمس من عنده
Very unprofessional hospital , made us pay huge amounts of money and didn’t get any result , a pain doctor even charged us $2300 for a pain injection which did not work at all i highly do not recommend this hospital especially if you are an international patient
I like their service emergency especially Randa she’s so nice and kind I lke her
I would like to sincerely thank Dr . Anwar for his great care and professionalism . I also want to give special thanks to Dr . Mortada the anesthesiologist . I did not feel any pain after the operation at all . He is very polite , respectful , and highly professional . The hospital is very clean The only downside is that it is a bit expensive , but the quality of service makes it worth it .
مكان راقي و محترم
شكرا ايناس شاطرة جدا ومحترفه في التعامل بجد و انسانة زوق جدا ربنا يباركلها يارب
Very competent and well organised Hospital in Cairo . The service can be compared to any Swiss Hospital . I had a stroke during our holiday and they took excellent care of my health . All staff are extremely competent and very friendly . Even my wives could accompany me during visit . Thanks again for this positive experience . The Hospital has also some nice shops , a pharmacy and a cafeteria near the entrance .
This is the worst hospital admin to deal with . Admission office is slow , they think like you are begging them to do their job . They will tell you to sit there while it will take them 3 hours to process a a discharge or admission . The nurses can’t speak english and only a third of them are actually good or professional some of them are angry at the job and let’s not forget the receptionists like everything is a hustle this is supposed to be the best private hospital but i guess only in terms of the fees not service .
خدمة ممتازة وبالتحديد ميس راندا طوارئ
I'd like to express my gratitude to miss Abeer and Randa from the emergency department
very bad service no transparency
Update : I came for a knee issue , I got misdiagnosed . The head of the hospital just wanted to perform surgery . And again they refused insurance . They made patients with knee problems walk two floors to see a clueless ortho , too . Pathetic excuse for a hospital ! I live abroad - had an emergency there . I paid over EGP 4000 - can't claim them back because the team is lying saying they don't deal with the company ( I know for a fact they do ) . They also refused to give me medicine - the rude lady pharmacist . No standards - mediocre care - zero customer service .
خضعت لجراحة استئصال غضروف و الحمد لله كانت ناجحه جدا رغم صعوبة الحالة اوجه كل الشكر و العرفان للدكتور الجميل ذو الشخصية العظيمة د/ محمد عاطف النقلي ( مخ و اعصاب و عمود فقري ) ربنا يبارك فيه و يحفظه علي مجهوداته الرائعه مهما شكرت لن اوفي حق هذا الدكتور العظيم : hibiscus : EMO_POS و طبعا لا انسي طاقم التمريض الاكثر من رائع علي اهتمامهم و تعاملهم مع المرضي كانهم اهل بمعني الكلمة كل الشكر و التقدير للعاملين بالمستشفي علي تعاونهم و ادائهم المميز كل ملاحظاتي علي الاداريون بالمستشفي خاصة مكتب تنسيق الدخول و الخروج و بعض افراد الامن للاسف كان تعاملهم سيء و لا يراعون اي مشاعر للمرضي محتاجين يشتغلوا علي نفسهم شويه في طريقة التعامل و التنظيم اتمني حل الامور البسيطه دي لتصبح المستشفي كاملة الرعاية : folded_hands :
Had a splendid service at the hospital with Randa Eshaaq , she was very caring and thoughtful
اطلب من زبادي توت سعر و جوده و خامه انصح به
High - quality ingredients great presentation . Servers need to be a hair , more attentive , but overall great experience .
مكان كويس جدا سندويتشات سريعه بافضل طريقه ممكنه و طعم حلو صراحه و سعر كويس
Testy food
جميل وشغلهم نظيف ومرتب : two_hearts : : musical_notes :
Good location EMO_POS
Extraordinary slow delivery
Few shops . Many restaurants . Seem like a convenient place . Plenty of parking
مكان هايل
يحتوي علي كافيهات وعيادات ومحلات للملابس
المكان جميل صراحه ويستحق الزياره . . : thumbs_up_light_skin_tone :
هادي و جميل
مكان رائع يوجد به بنك المشرق وبنك القاهره
مكان راقي فيه خدمات طبية وبنوك ومقر لبعض الشركات
Thanks Tasnem&Habiba
الاستاف جميل اوي وشيماء وملك لطاف اوي
الاكل حلو جدا و الاستف زوق جدا تسنيم و حبيبه
Staff was friendly and appealing especially Tasneem and Habiba Food is very good
تسنيم وحبيبة كانو لذاذ جدا EMO_POS EMO_POS
اطعم بيتزا وافضل ستاف وخصوصا تسنيم وحبيبة : smiling_face_with_hearts : : heart_suit : : heart_suit : : heart_suit : : heart_suit : : heart_suit :
تسنيم وحبيبة تسلم ايدكوا
الاكل والمكان تحفه والبنت اسمها رانيا فريد شوقي لذيذه اوي وفريندلي وجميله
مطعم راقي جدا وجميل
حبيبه وتسنيم ناس عسل جدا
Thank you so much for the delicious pizza & the great service . Hemdan : victory_hand : : fire : thank you again for Rania Farid & Habiba Mohamed : heart_suit : : heart_suit :
Food was ready due on iftar and waiters were really helpful especially rania fared
للاسف جينا للمكان وكان فاضي ولاتوجد طلبات الا محدده وحبينا نجرب الحمام المحشي وافادونا بانه بعد ساعه راح يتوفر
احسن مشاوي في وسط البلد
الحمام خطير والنيفه في حته تانية بجد EMO_POS
طاقم العمل ممتاز ومتعاون والطعام مميز لكن الاسعار بالنسبه الخدمه مبالغ فيها والمحل يحتاج الاهتمام بالنظافة
هناك سر في تراجع ، بل تدني مستوي المطعم ! الزيارة قبل الاخيرة ، كانت منذ سنوات وكانت متوسطة ، ثم زرته مساء الاربعاء 4 فبراير ، اولا المطعم نظافته شبه معدومة ! ! ! اثناء تناولي الطعام نزل الشيف لعبه مخزن ، وخرج حاملات اسياخ الكفتة علي ذراعه . . اللحم علي جلد الشيف ويداه المعرفة ! لا احد يرتدي قفاز . . القطط تكاد تاكل معك يعني اسعار تفوق مطاعم الرياض ، لك انت تتخيل ان موزة ب 50 ريال ، 600 جنيه ، والمطعم قذر لدرجة مقرفة . الطرب تكفي ان تري صورته لا احترم اي مطعم يقدم لي طحينة معمولة من الدقيقة والعيش . . عند الدفع سالت عن الدفع بالفيزا . . فلم اجد . . واضطررت ابحث عن ATM تجربة مريرة لن اعود بالطبع
مطعم قديم ويقدم فقط مشويات كفته وحمام ولكن سمعة والطعم والنظافة والخدمة هي محفز كبير للعودة له
الصورة مختلفه
The restaurant is overrated . The stuffed pigeon with rice cost us 400 EGP for two , but the portions were very small compared to what we saw being served to local customers . There was nothing special or surprising about the food , and it was definitely not worth trying for that price . Overall , a very disappointing experience .
Friendly staff and delicious
Excellent food with very professional staff , average prices
انا اتفاجئت ان الاكل حلو جدا خصوصا الكبد و الكلاوي ، العكاوي ، الكوارع حتي لحمة الراس مش وحشه
مكان ممتاز ومريح جدا والاكل تحفة والاسعار تمام
It was delicious ( above average ) , service was good , but not very clean
A very lovely experience to be repeated !
Fresh ingredients . Incredible mixture of flavors . The outdoor area is very pretty . Only downside is that it was noisy , but overall one of the best Italian restaurants I have tried in Egypt .
amazing lasagna
Great food
La pizza est excellente
Food is delicious and fairly priced . Some staff members were unhelpful .
I liked everything . . the reservation system , the friendly staff , the food , and the atmosphere
Nice vintage atmosphère with v . good taste
Piatti non 100% italiani , ma abbastanza buoni . Purtroppo non servono alcolici . Però l'atmosfera è piacevole e ci tornerei volentieri ( già stato 2 volte ) . Servizio buono
The food is so delicious & on weekends they have a salad buffet .
Too crowded
Everything was perfect Highly recommended : white_heart : : white_heart :
The food quality is exquisite , the taste is authentic italian flavor and the atmosphere is lovely The pasta was my top favorite then the risotto
المكان جميل لكن مش دايما حاطين ميوزيك . . . البريسكيتا خطيرة
Lovely food , lovely hosting and lovely atmosphere . Thank you very much . We were a group mafeesh 80 peipel for iftar
فطارهم مختلف ومميز
المكان والخدمة ممتازين انصح بالمكان EMO_POS EMO_POS
Nice cafe and restaurant Good food quality Wide range menu Nice cozy place
Slightly expensive but excellent staff and very good service
Overrated pasta , not that good
Beat place for gathering
Keep up the good work and the amazing staff and great food
I would like to thank the waiter Ahmed El Kady He was very hospitable and brought what we have ordered excatly .
احسن مطعم شعبيات في مصر اكل نظيف وجيد ياليت يبقي علي نفس المستوي
الاكل لذيذ جدا ولكن مواعيدهم مش مضبوطه في طلب الاوردر ويقولو لك الطلب طلع حالا وللاسف ماطلع شيء وتجلس معهم ع الجوال كثير انتظار .
Recommend for sohour Ramadan
مطعم محترم و اكل ممتاز و مجهود كويس من العاملين في زحمه الفطار و خصوصا كابتن حسن شخص محترم جدا و الويتر حسن الدالي
خدمة ومعاملة سيئة
مطعم مشويات جميل جدا
الطعام جيد بنكهه مميزه ومختلفه . . . . سرعه في تقديم الطعام في رمضان تحسب ل المكان . . تجربه مميزه . . . وارشح المكان ل اصدقائي
مطعم جميل جدا ومقابله جميله جدا ومدير استقبلنا استقبال ممتاز احمد ابو المجد ربنا يبارك فيه
حلوين اوي اوي و خدمه تحفه
한국인 기준으로 진짜 엄청 salty ( 짜다 ) 합니다 . So ( 그래서 ) 먹을때 물 ( water ) 을 많이 먹게되서 적은 돈으로 배를 두둑하게 채울 수 있습니다 . 짠 음식을 좋아하는 친구도 탈수가 온거 같다고 한 그 맛 . 개인적으로 . . 한국인들에겐 추 ( sin soo ) 천하지 않습니다 . . 짠걸 좋아하거나 적은돈으로 배를 채우고 싶다 . . 추천 . .
Very bad quality , service and portions less than it has to be and all u order u get
food is average not serving what writing in menu , very bad experience
الطعام والخدمه فوق الرائعه
الاكل جميل
The food was wonderful and the service was excellent . I felt right at home because of the great service and the staff's attitude , especially Mr . Sameh , the restaurant manager .
ممتازة
مطعم رايع
مطعم متميز
ايه الحلاوة دي
مطعم مناسب جدا وخدمه محترمه والاكل مختلف عن اي مطعم
تجربه ممتازه وخدمه جيده
طعم رائع وخدمه ممتاذه جدا
V . Good
الدجاج كلو ملح لكن السندويتشات لذيذه لذيذه لذيذه اسم الصنف اللي جربته راب دجاج تكا خفيف ولطيف وصحي
في الماضي افضل كتير
الاستمتاع ب الفروج بطريق تككا منتهي التذوق والاكل الشهي
導遊埃及阿龍帶領推薦，能體驗道地埃及料理的餐廳，烤鴿子塞飯、烤羊排等，是一家值得品嚐的店家。
Super busy , a bit rough and ready but food is absolutely delicious ! Best hamam mashi !
الحمام المحشي ولا غلطه
The worst part of my day was at this place
お釣りをくれなかったです。 少額なので何も言いませんでしたが。 20EGPという微妙な金額です。
Ara sokakta servis olmasına rağmen nefis bir et yemiş olduk . Yanında taze salata ve nefis turşu yemeği taçlandırmış oldu . Yerli halk turistlerden daha fazla restoranı tercih ediyor . Mısır atmosferini doya doya yaşıyorsunuz . Önerilir
I really wanted to try this place . I had lamb Hawawshi and half a BBQ chicken . The chicken was good , but the lamb Hawawshi was incredible . I've never had it before and I talked amazing . Melt in your mouth meat in delicious bread . Service was quick , staff where nice . Good buzz even at 4pm
Kalabalık , çok kalabalık . Otantik görünüm fakat alınabilecek hiç bir şey yok . Satıcılar ile göz teması kurmaz cevap vermez iseniz peşinizi ancak 2dk da bırakıyorlar . Selamun aleyküm demek baya işe yarıyor . Ne teklif ederler ise 3'te 1 fiyatı verip yarı yarıya fit olabiliyorsunuz . Atam ise her yerde : smiling_face_with_hearts :
鴿子塞飯香料味濃郁，令我印象深刻。需要花些時間等待料理上桌。結帳時才發現需要繳的稅很高，但可嘗試一次。
We ate grilled pigeons and stuffed pigeon with rice here . Their foods are really tasty and service is nice ! The environment is quite different though . I don’t see it as an issue because it is really close to the market and very local . But if you like fancy places , this place is probably not for you .
Very good meat , can't go wrong with any dish . Really enjoyed the pigeon rice .
Very tasty and good quality food they serve
Excellent
الفرنش توست : ok_hand : : ok_hand :
Cozy pkace , very clean and the staff is very friendly
The food was excellent , the quantity was more than enough , and everything was perfect . Even the staff were very friendly and professional . Honestly , this is the best restaurant in Egypt . Highly recommended — I will definitely come again !
The place where you can’t honestly find any small mistake , they took care of everything . First they booked table for me once I called them , food was very delicious ( I ordered Steak rare , it was one of the best test I ever tried ) , my daughters ordered chicken , it was very testy , my four years daughter enjoyed playing with girls at kids area , she gave us more space to enjoy our meals , service was very friendly , outstanding and very professional , stuff there you feel like they’re your family and you feel your self at your home , finally I was chocked when I received my bill , what’s wrong men ! ! ? I thought something is wrong when I saw very small amount for what we ordered ! ! I like it too much and definitely will come back , if I forget , my daughters will never do : grinning_face_with_sweat :
Great Service and waiters , although the food was not great the Salmon is not great there I got mild food poisoning .
Amazing place , people and service
الفراخ كانت ناشفه شويه
Warm place
The place is so cozy and the food portions are quite large and of high quality . The service is awesome and the staff are amiable and friendly ! However , I’d want my food to be a little warmer in terms of temperature but given we are in winter , food is expected to cool down a bit before being served . Overall , it was a great experience !
Mohamed is exceptional : glowing_star :
Great place with delicious food and excellent service . Highly recommended !
A very nice restaurant located in the Maadi district . The area feels elegant and peaceful , almost like a royal neighborhood . It’s also perfect for families with kids , my daughter really enjoyed the play area . Highly recommended
Very bad stuff attitude
Un restaurant qui propose un peu de tout ( pizzas , pâtes , salades , poissons , viandes ) le cadre est très agréable et joliment décoré . La terrasse est vraiment plaisante et le service est assez rapide . Dans l’assiette , c’était globalement bon même si les pizzas manquaient un peu de cuisson ( pâte un peu molle au centre ) . En revanche , elles étaient bien garnies . Le dessert , un molten cake , était très copieux dommage qu’il n’était pas coulant comme attendu . Un lieu polyvalent et agréable pour passer un bon moment .
I love this cozy place .
I had a wonderful breakfast today . EMO_POS
So good
المطعم روعة ، الاسعار ممتازه جدا ، الكميات كبيره جدا
اكل حلو واسعار كويسة
They offer a really good value for money . I tried their zinger and crispy sandwiches which were both really good .
حلو جدا : heart_hands :
جميل جدا والاكل اسعاره مناسبة و كمياته كبيرة ماشاء الله
قيمه مقابل سعر و اكلو لذيذ
المكان محترم والخدمة كويس
Great value for money
طلبت اوفر ٢ زنجر دليفري الكمية كويسة جدا ، بس الطلب بارد جدا و البطاطس كانت باردة ، و علي الفراخ جبنة المفروض سايحة ، بس مجلدة و طعمها وحش ، كمان تتبيله الفراخ ملهاش طعم ، و الاوردر وصل خلال ساعة زي ما بلغو
Not fresh and the taste is so bad
للاسف رايتهم بعيني عند بداية العمل في الشاورما يحضرونها من علبة معباة بالامس من الثلاجة وبعد لف الساندوتش يضعونه علي الجريل فيظهر انه فريش و طازج .
مطعم جميل والاكل حلو اوي و الخدمه محترمه EMO_POS
مطعم الاصيل الدمشقي يمتاز بالجودة والكفاءة وسرعه تقديم الخدمات واسعارة معقولة تمنياتي لكم بالتوفيق والتقدم والتوسع بفروع اخري
المذاق جيد جدا والحشو جيد السعر رائع
مطعم ممتاز واسعاره وجودة الاكل فوق الممتاز
مكان جميل جدا وبيقدم خدمة ممتازة وجودة ثابتة
احلي شاورما في مصر
Un oasis en medio del caos . La gente que atiende muy amable . La torta de zanahoria muy rica . Linda música . Volvería y recomiendo
tempat nya sangatt cantik , nyaman , dan aestetic . Harga nya jugaa worth it sesuai sama rasa nyaa yang enak , pelayann nya ramah dan murah tersenyum ,
Przyjemna knajpka . Dobre ciastka
المكان بصراحة يستاهل بس ياريت يحسنو شوي من قهوة v60 لانو طعمها موية حرفيا
Had the green omelette and hot americano . The dish portion was satisfying . The omelette was good not oily and better than the one I had in the hotel buffet . The americano taste little soury for my taste like main better or nuty , but it's was good too .
Küçük ve fazla yeri olmayan bir yer ama akşam üstü kahve için gidilebilir
Nice coffee and sweet . . cozy place
Had to find a place to work , came in and asked if they had wifi , they confirmed so I went ahead and ordered . Once I sat down and tried to connect the wifi didn't work , told the staff and they didn't care at all , terrible service . Ordered a croissant and it was stale .
Nice cafe EMO_POS
السعر جدا جدا غالي ع قهوه وحده
فعلا مقهي ممتاز بكل ماتعنيه الكلمة وبالاخص قهوة v60 اول مرة بمصر احس انها مضبوطة وموزونة
السويت لذيذ و المكان جميل جدا ، ، كيكة الچوكلت خيال يستاهل الزيارة
مكان سي واجواء سيئة وصغير جدا ولم يعجبني القهوة ولا الكيكة ايضا
Great experience , JK JK ! ROWLING ROWLING , read the sign
My favourite
Amazing breakfast . Go for the avocado eggs with cheese .
I drive 6 days a week from Zayed to Zamalek to get the best coffee done at beano’s : white_heart : : smiling_face_with_open_hands :
Très bon spot ! Ambiance étudiant / jeunes pro et le chocolate Fudge était super bon
Endroit magnifique service excellent idéal pour se concentrer sur le travail Agréable et à prix raisonnable
Güzel ve temiz bir yer ama çok kalabalık olabiliyor
Ordered breakfast wasn’t great .
القهوة لذيذه والحلا لذيذ بس ماعجبني انه قال الجلسات المطله بحجز
For me it was overpriced for the quality
بينوس ممتاز بكل فروعه ، والقهوه عندهم جميله جدا
- Triple Layer Cheesecake : 5/5 I really enjoyed this . It wasn’t too sweet , and the caramel topping ratio was just right . - South of the Border Salad : 2/5 The taco basket was a little stale , and the salad itself was bland . It only came with two pieces of chicken . The walnuts also weren’t caramelized like the menu said . - Pistachio Latte : 2/5 I’ve had pistachio lattes at other places , and compared to those , this one was pretty mediocre . - Strawberry Matcha Latte ( with coconut milk ) : 5/5 My sister ordered this and she really liked it . - The waiters are really nice and smiley , and the seating in the Zamalek branch is nice . : sparkles :
Great little spot to recharge or get some work done . Delicious cake options . Lots of seating , charging outlets , Wi - Fi . Good service too .
Service is too slow ! !
They added items that we did not order and refused to return them
Good place to study at the morning and it has good vibe and tasty food
It was amazing experience ! Very tasty and big portions Thanks for Amr Moahmed
Insane . It’s actually so so good . No other words . Just try it
Maybe because of Ramadan , but the place was completely empty , food was basic , cannot see why so good rated on google and trip advisor . So what should have been a fine dining birthday dinner ended with basic food with 2 guests only .
تثبيت عناصر الحافظة لايقاف انتهاء صلاحيتها بعد ساعة واحدةتثبيت عناصر الحافظة لايقاف انتهاء صلاحيتها بعد ساعة واحدةتثبيت عناصر الحافظة لايقاف انتهاء صلاحيتها بعد ساعة واحدةتثبيت عناصر الحافظة لايقاف انتهاء صلاحيتها بعد ساعة واحدةتثبيت عناصر الحافظة لايقاف انتهاء صلاحيتها بعد ساعة واحدةتثبيت عناصر الحافظة لايقاف انتهاء صلاحيتها بعد ساعة واحدةتثبيت عناصر الحافظة لايقاف انتهاء صلاحيتها بعد ساعة واحدةتثبيت عناصر الحافظة لايقاف انتهاء صلاحيتها بعد ساعة واحدةتثبيت عناصر الحافظة لايقاف انتهاء صلاحيتها بعد ساعة واحدةتثبيت عناصر الحافظة لايقاف انتهاء صلاحيتها بعد ساعة واحدةتثبيت عناصر الحافظة لايقاف انتهاء صلاحيتها بعد ساعة واحدةتثبيت عناصر الحافظة لايقاف انتهاء صلاحيتها بعد ساعة واحدةتثبيت عناصر الحافظة لايقاف انتهاء صلاحيتها بعد ساعة واحدةتثبيت عناصر الحافظة لايقاف انتهاء صلاحيتها بعد ساعة واحدةتثبيت عناصر الحافظة لايقاف انتهاء صلاحيتها بعد ساعة واحدةتثبيت عناصر الحافظة لايقاف انتهاء صلاحيتها بعد ساعة واحدةتثبيت عناصر الحافظة لايقاف انتهاء صلاحيتها بعد ساعة واحدةتثبيت عناصر الحافظة لايقاف انتهاء صلاحيتها بعد ساعة واحدةتثبيت عناصر الحافظة لايقاف انتهاء صلاحيتها بعد ساعة واحدةتثبيت عناصر الحافظة لايقاف انتهاء صلاحيتها بعد ساعة واحدةتثبيت عناصر الحافظة لايقاف انتهاء صلاحيتها بعد ساعة واحدةتثبيت عناصر الحافظة لايقاف انتهاء صلاحيتها بعد ساعة واحدةتثبيت عناصر الحافظة لايقاف انتهاء صلاحيتها بعد ساعة واحدةتثبيت عناصر الحافظة لايقاف انتهاء صلاحيتها بعد ساعة واحدةتثبيت عناصر الحافظة لايقاف انتهاء صلاحيتها بعد ساعة واحدة
We were there for dinner at the beginning of Ramadan . In addition to the regular menu , they had a set , 4 course menu for Ramadan dinner . It consisted of multiple salads and appetizers , soups , rice , a variety of grilled meat brought to the table on a cute miniature golden grill , drinks and desserts . Everything was very delicious . I loved the subtle aromatic spices that they used for dish . The service was very good too . Our server , Amr Mohahmed was very courteous and attentive . It was a genuine Egyptian culinary experience .
Great food and hospitality from Yasser , the team , and Chef Mohammad . There was a special menu with multiple dishes for the month of ramadan and every plate that came out great .
Disrespectful , discriminatory , and unacceptable service . The place was completely empty , yet the waiter behaved as if we were bothering him . He was rude , spoke aggressively fast , kept his arms crossed , and showed zero basic manners . They deliberately seated us in the worst corner despite all tables available . He even openly complained about us to the manager with a discriminatory attitude . This is not how you treat customers . Avoid this restaurant .
the ox tail was quite good . meat is jiggling .
Environment is great . Service is fabulous . I really recommend the pigeon . Emat is so nice .
Food was perfect Best service in the city from Amr Mohamed
Cuisine excellente et service de grande qualité ! Et particulièrement merci à Amar : smiling_face :
We had the most delicious meal . Everything was so fresh and well seasoned . The staff was outstanding ! We were so impressed with our meal last weekend that we returned again before departing Cairo ! I highly recommend dining here !
Tasty food and excellent services .
Hamam mehshi roz was really good Kebda eskandarani very nice Grilled mashawe very nice Kebab was excellent Molokheya amazing Food is really good
Food was so very delicious and the service is very excellent thanks Mohamed Aly for your wonderful service your the best .
とってもよかったですー100文字書いてくださいと言われました。よくわかんなかったですが、料理はとても美味しかったです。 あぁ、とても美味しかったです。とても美味しかったです。
Love this place ! Food is amazing and the waitstaff is fantastic . Our waiter , Mohamed Aly is always more than helpful , incrddible courteous and welcoming and he's so pleasant whenever we're here . Highly recommend !
The food we ordered was really good but there were a few dishes ewe had which could have been better . The serving sizes were really generous though and for two propel we could hardly finish all the dishes , so I would recommend this for a bigger group of people to really enjoy all the dishes the place has to offer . The service from Amir , out waiter , was really incredible though ! It was our first wedding anniversary and they went above and beyond to organise something really special ( they had the chef come out and I helped make the traditional dish Mulukhiyah as a special surprise ) for our anniversary on top of the dessert . We can't recommend Amir enough and they really made our anniversary special . The atmosphere of the place was really Greta because we had Kareem playing the Qanun and it really added to the ambience of the place away from the hustle and bustle .
Big serving sizes , so visit on empty to fully appreciate the food ! The service was next level , and Amr went out of his way to see to our needs , even arranged a nice cake on the account of our wedding anniversary . Massive props ! The atmosphere was good too with soothing live music that augmented the experience . Recommend if you're staying in the area .
Great food .
جيدا
مكان رائع جدا
رايق
V good
Bad service
قعدت في فرع ميراكي كومبلكس طلبت باستا ولما جيت احاسب لقيتهم حاسبين المية قولت للويتر انا مفتحتش المية قالي لازم تدفعيها فهمتوا اني قعدت قبلها بيوم وطلبت نفس الاوردر ومفتحتش المية ومدفعتهاش قاللي انتي بتهئي ؟ مدفعتيهاش امبارح تدفعيها انهاردة قولتله هات حد اعلي منك قاللي انا اكبر واحد في المكان وبقولك لازم تدفعيها وقمة قلة الادب بعدها جالي المانچر بيقولي معلش اصل المية لازم تتشال قبل ما اطبع الشيك وطالما طبعته لازم تدفعي طيب وانتوا مبتقولوش الكلام دة ليه للناس قبل ما تحاسب ؟ ؟ قاللي كل المطاعم كدة وانتي شكلك صغير ومش فاهمة ! ! ! ! ( بيحبوا يسرقوا الناس الصغيرين تقريبا ) لما قولتله سني رجع في كلامه ، حكيتله علي اللي الويتر عمله وان طريقته وحشة ومبيعرفش يتعامل مع الناس لقيت الويتر جه و شتمني قدامهم كلهم وقدام المانچر نفسه وقاللي انا مقولتش حاجة وانتي قليلة الادب ومحدش عمله حاجة خالص كتر خيرهم قالوله خش جوة هيوقفوه تقريبا في النوتي كورنر رافع ايده : face_with_tears_of_joy : اول ما قولت اني هبلغ البوليس والناس اللي قاعدة في المكان شاهدين و الكاميرات موجودة طلع يجري وكلهم اتلموا عليا بيقولولي انتي صاحبة مكان : grinning_face_with_sweat : اخر كلمة قولتها للمانچر لو بنتك قاعدة في مكان ترضي ان حد يشتمها ومحدش يعمله حاجة مردش ( ما هو يا دة مش المانچر وحد بيبعتوه يضحك بس عشان محدش يطالب بحقه يا دة المانچر فعلا بس سلبي جدا ومبيعرفش يتصرف )
لم اجربه لكن الاقبال عليه ضعيف
Place wasn't busy and servers took a long time . Ask for alcholic drinks and at first they said "Yes" But only VIRGEN DRINKS . IT TOOK ALMOST 30 MINUTES TO GET THE CHECK . I WILLN'T RECOMMEND OR USE THIS PLACE AGAIN
Very bad i didnot like maadi branch
كافية عادي
الكراسي سيئة الخدمة بطيئة
Best service ever and the nicest staff Got my engagement dress thanks to mrs . Maria , verina and farah EMO_POS
A beautiful place and the staff are very helpful and cheerful
: growing_heart : : growing_heart : مكان مميز كل حاجه فيه جميله والتيم ذوق جدا
Perfect place for your special events perfect customer service all staff are helpful I recommend mystic branch for my friends thanks for amazing experience
CFC : heart_suit : : heart_suit : : heart_suit :
Perfect varieties and very decent and polite way of dealing with people . . Thank you Mystic for always being there for every event EMO_POS EMO_POS
Very helpful & professional staff
EMO_POS EMO_POS
Maria the manager??? did no one taught her how to be a respectful woman and talk to people with respect? please be more aware who you let represent your brand & communicate with your clients because she’s one of the worst people i ever talked to ever ! Completely disrespectful , rude and bossy . What’s wrong? Does she have issues or something? please re - consider hiring a respectful store manager as this is one of the worst human beings i ever talked to . what a shame ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
This used to be my favorite place to buy dresses and I always recommended it . After my last visit , I will never step inside again . We found a suit we were fully ready to purchase . We simply asked about minor tailoring adjustments and mentioned that the white pants were slightly transparent . Instead of helping , the CFC store manager , Maria , immediately responded with attitude and arrogance . She told us that if it is not our style then it is not for us and that many popular people wear it , so the problem is ours and not the design . When I asked for the tailor to come so I could show the adjustments I wanted , she refused to even let him see the suit and shut the discussion down completely . Her manner was dismissive , condescending , and openly disrespectful . There was no attempt to assist , no professionalism , and no basic courtesy . The whole interaction felt uncomfortable and unwelcoming rather than a customer service experience . A store manager represents the brand , and this behavior reflected extremely poorly on it . Because of this experience I will not return and I will actively warn anyone who asks me about this store . One of the worst retail experiences I have had .
Donia is great . Very helpful .
EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
Best service . . thank you EMO_POS
very cooperative and helpful , great work
Gasser and rawan were very helpful and likes the experience so much
معاملة كويسة جدا والترزي محترم جدا وشاطر رائع وتم عمل التعديل احسن من المطلوب
Not good food , moderate service
力推这家炸鸡全开罗最好
Great experience
Fried chicken is 10/10 . Do order it spicy tho !
من افضل الفرايد تشكن اللي ممكن تاكلها
دبوس عندهم حلو قوي
الفراخ كانت زفره جدا ووجعت بطننا كلنا تاني يوم للاسف كان اجمل بروست بس بقا من سئ ل اسوء
به جميع الاحتياجات
Oldest supermarket in Rehab and majority of quality stuff and best brands are available
خيال
Worst food i have ever eaten . The vibes are the worst . Not recommended at all
اسوء تجربه الاكل بارد اكثر الطلبات في المنيو غير متوفر شاي مفيش تجربه سيئه جدا
المكان تحفه والاكل تحفه
الاكل ممتاز والخدمه ممتازه اشكر الجميع بالتوفيق
محترمين وذوق والاكل حلو ماشاء الله
المكان تحفه
المكان تحفه و الاكل روعه والخدمه ممتازه
خدمه و تنظيم ١٠/١٠ و اسالوا علي امبابي
Best food best service best vibes ever bgd tohfa totally recommend
مكان رائع والخدمة ممتازة
جميل جدا تسلم ايدكم
المكان تحفه والاكل جميل
الاكل تحفة : heart_suit :
Good managers
The place is so good
الخدمة جيدة والاكل جيد
No good service nor attitude provided from the employees
بصراحة لا يعتمد طلبت صاج شاورما فراخ جت الشاورما كلها عيش صاج ومفيش حشوه شاورما ومكانش ليها طلعم عشان مفيش شاورما كفايه بيها وزياده عالسعر برضو كان سعرها ٩٠ وهيا متستحقش الموظفات محترمين جدا وبمنتهي الادب
الاكل تحفه المعمله تحفهه
الاكل تحفه اوي
Stuff الصالة دنيا واسماء وفاطمة متعاونين ومعاملة كويسة جدا
اصطف الصاله البنات دنيا و اسماء و فاطمة عسل اوي و متعاونين جداا
I take away my food and ate at home , the shawarma needs improvement as may competitors are doing the same business and many others are better in quality and price
حلي بس غالي الصراحه
Their sandwichs are so bad , salty and barely any shawarma it's full of pickles and it's a TINY sandwich , not worth it EMO_NEG
I cant say anything else than vey nice and tasty
: thumbs_up_medium - light_skin_tone :
اكلهم لذيد
مكان في المجمل كويس
رحله جميله جدا وفطار حلو وشو راءع انبسط جدا معاكم شكرا ليكم
محتاج تعمل حساب كبار السن في السلالم والطوابق المتعددة وكذلك اندريا اسم كبير فمحتاج تعمل صيانة وتحديث للمكان ل
اكثر من رائع بجد اسمتعت
تجربيه جميله
تجربه ممتازة
روعه ومحتاجين كمان من هلفطار ودوم ع طول يارب
المكان حلو جدا والجو جميل ونضيف
Special thanks for chief and staff
Atmosphere , Food , and show very good and staff are very helpful
تجربه مختلفة ولذيذه والستاف لطيف ومتعاون شكرا ليكم : star - struck :
يوم مختلف ولطيف اجواء مفرحه وفريق لطيف ومتعاون شكرا ليكوا : heart_suit :
المكان و البرنامج جميل و شكر خالص لاستاذ محمد السيد
انا بشكر المنظومة بالكامل وادارة المستشفي شكرا جدا علي الاهتمام والجودة العالية
شكرا لتمريض الدور السادس
المستشفي ممتازة جداا في كل حاجة بدون تقصير تماما
الخدمة كلها بلا تفرقة ممتازة والناس متعاونة وبشوشة وجعلوني اشعر انني في بيتي تماما
التمريض ممتاز ومتعاون بالاخص ميس وسام وميس دعاء تمريض الدور السادس
التمريض ممتاز جدا والدكاترة ممتازة وادارة المستشفي منظمة وبالاخص الدور السابع
جميع خدمات المستشفي ممتازة من ادارة وتمريض ودكاترة ونظافة وتغذية واخص بالشكر الدور العاشر
جزيل الشكر لطاقم مستشفي القاهرة التخصصي من اطباء و تمريض و معاونين علي الاهتمام و الرعاية بوالدتي الدور العاشر غرفة ٨ تحت اشراف الاستاذ الدكتور احمد هاني و مس سحر محمد و مستر محمد عبدربه
المعامله ممتازة من التمريض والدكاترة والنظافة في الدور السادس والمعامله اللطيفه من طاقم العمليات والاهتمام من العلاقات العامة بالاخص ميس ايمان
كله تمام الطقم التمريض والدكاتره والدور السادس
الخدمات الصحية و المعاونة جيدة جدا
الخدمه كانت كويسه اثناء تواجدي فالمستشفي
المكان هادي الخدمه راقيه الاكل فوق المستوي
The worst tabali branch . . i ve tried many tabali branches . . all have been great on every level . . didn’t expect such incompetence in zamalek’s
تجربتي مع الفول والبيض المدحرج مع المشلتت ولا غلطه
مطعم جميل واكله لذيذ EMO_POS
The service is low , food is cold , the new branch have an issue
طبالي الزمالك Tabali /التصنيف : اكلات مصرية التقييم : ٥ من ١٠ توقيت الطلب : بعد العشا الطلب : محلي الاسعار : مناسبه بالنسبة للكمية سبب خسارة النقاط : لانه مو بيرفكت الطلبات : *ارز معمر بالحمة - الرز ناشف ( اللحم قاسي مليان شحم ) ماهو افضل شي - بيض بالبسطرمة ( حلو ) - فرايز - حواوشي طبالي ( لذيذ ) - كولا - شاي - كاتشب مايونيز شطة /المفترض تنزل مع الفرايز حاسبينها بفلوس ينصح به : لاباس EMO_POS 《التقييم ذوق شخصي》
حلو فطور مكان رايق انصح الصبح بدري الاجواء حلوه في الزمالك
الاكل وصل ناقص و بارد لا انصح ابدا بالتعامل معهم و خدمة العملاء تكلمهم ميعرفوش يعملوا حاجة للاسف
مكان رائع
طلبت ساندوتش شاورما من غير مخلل ، جابولي ساندوتش مليان مخلل ، المشكله اني طلبته و روحت البيت فمش هعرف ارجع تاني
تجربة جيده جدا وشغلهم نظيف
خدمة ممتازة والاكل طيب وشهي
بالسم الهاري اسوء و اقذر اكل لا طعم و لا ريحة و لا مذاق اكل فاسد و لحوم
We only did takeout from this restaurant and the food was ok but we were disappointed of how thin the falafel sandwich was compared to other restaurants .
اسعار معقوله
Very good . People are very friendly here .
Thanks for Mr Ahmed Saed For warm welcome and help
Very disappointing experience . The pasta was chewy and the portions were small . The food arrived about 40 minutes after iftar ( Ramadan ) and wasn’t even hot . On top of that , people were smoking while others were eating and the ventilation was very poor . Overall , the quality need serious improvement .
حبيته جدا
Quality is inconsistent , ordered a ceaser salad , chicken was not edible , bread salty and not fresh and the sauce was not a ceaser sauce they just packed any sauce ! Stomach after three bites only , happened before when i ordered sliders . Never ordering again
شهادتي مجروحه في هاذا المطعم الرائع بكل فروعه سواء وقت الافطار او الغداء المتاخر او العشاء : heart_suit :
its like what do i want to order that nobody agrees with but nobody disagrees with? crave
The Caesar salad was bas tasted like fish .
Food was tasty but took a while , not sure why as it wasn't crazy busy . We ordered pasta and steak . Staff didn't check on us if we needed anything . Acceptable overall experience .
Crave branches are normally good … the one in Maadi was not I expected
Thank you Mr Ahmed Saeed Thanks Crave EMO_POS EMO_POS
The staff were very kind , the food was amazing , try the Alfredo and the tiramisu
It was a wonderful experience ! Our favorite dishes were the Truffle Potato Skin and Rose Rigatoni — both were exceptional . We really enjoyed the atmosphere and the overall vibe . A special thanks to our waiter , Ayad , for the great service
I loved the experience , the steak was amazing and the waiter was very polite and patient
Food was amazing I loved mcm chicken & the staff was helpful & welcoming the atmosphere is cozy
fantastic food but a bit too pricey lovely staff a bit too hot though
الاكل متاخر اوي احنا في رمضان و وصلين من ٤ونص و المغرب اذن و الساعه ٦ ونص و الاكل منزلش
I don’t like the place Very bad service food coming cold
الفرايد تشكن عند مطعم الخديوي ملهاش حل بصراحه ومن احسن المطاعم ف اكتوبر بتعملو
مكان سئ جدا
ناس محترمه الاكل كويس الحمد لله
جو جميل و اكل جميل نتمني الاستمرارية
The worst service
اسعاره مبالغ فيها شويه
Very bad experience , wouldn’t serve me a quick coffee during iftar time although he was standing at the bar
Quiet place to work , study or have a conversation . I didnt eat there but i always go for the strawberry smoothie : face_savoring_food :
Opens on 7 am not 9 like the rest + very good to work and have breakfast in
I like the place , it's very suitable for a working or studying .
good place to study/work , good wifi connection , i would spend my day there finishing my work without getting bored .
my second home fr
I liked beanos and my experience with their branches so far . But the experience we had in this branch was so bad . We entered and ordered food . It took so long to prepare it although there was not many coustomers . When the food finally arrived they gave me a wrong order and my husbands avocado sandwich was prepared with unripe avocados . I complained and they took long to replace it . When I finally got my salad the dressing tasted and smelled so bad I wanted to vomit . They put the same very hard avocado and spoiled beetroot on my salad . They were out of the other ingredients . In the end we payed 600 pounds for food that was bad and we left hungry
مكان محترم بيحترم زباينه من ناحية كواليتي الطلبات وسرعة تجهيزها والستاف كلهم ناس متربية ومتدربين ازاي يتعاملوا مع زباين ببسمة وذوق . . . الله ينور : clapping_hands :
Perfect place to work/study . . very spacious , good sandwiches and beverages and staff are very nice
First of all I want to thank sayed adel for his behavior and his amazing smile and the hospitality he got for us today The place is great for studying and working as well as the service is 100/10
A perfect place to have a coffee and study or just stay for a tasty snack Spacious with great 2 floors indoor smoking and non smoking areas indoor and lovely outdoor area . . Really loves it
اسعار مناسبة مقابل جودة ممتازة : money_bag : : sparkles :
اسوا تجربه
I first visited Tag El Sham Restaurant about 5 years ago , and in June 2024 I had the chance to revisit . The food quality remains excellent flavors are authentic , portions are generous , and the menu offers a great variety of Middle Eastern dishes . The atmosphere is warm and welcoming , with attentive staff who make the dining experience pleasant . It’s nice to see that after all these years , the consistency and taste are still top - notch . A solid choice for anyone craving delicious Arabic cuisine .
اسوء مطعم اتعملت معاه وخدمه التوصيل زي الزفت والاكل مستواه صفر
Nice place tried mainly either for delivery or take out . Good flavor . Would use again .
المكان روعة ، الصالة فوق مكيفة جدا والشباب ماشاء الله بشوشين جدا وقبل ما تطلب حاجة بيكونوا عندك ا/ السيد حامد مدير الصالة فوق محترم جدا جدا الله يباركلكم
الاسعار مبالغ فيها جدا جدا . .
الاكل عجبني والخدمه حلوه جدا شكرا للاستاف
١٠/١٠ و نجمه : heart_suit :
احلي مطعم ف مصر
Perfecto : fire : : fire :
Very good food and people
Amazing service and food
احلي مكان ممكن تتسحر فيه الخدمة ممتازة
مكان زي الفل
مطعم حلو و اكلة جميل بصراحة
اكل مصري اصيل مع كوالتي تحفه EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
تجربة ممتازة في زحمة رمضان
كويس علي العموم الي حدا ماء مش وحش السفره والاهتمام بالاكل حبه بس
الاجواء كانت عادية خالص
مش احسن حاجه
طعام جميل بس هو سعات وساعات لو زحمة اوي الطعام مش بيطلع حلو لكن اجمالا طعام جميل
تعاملت مع هذا الفرع اكثر من مرة سواء في ايام المناسبات ( ضغط عمل كبير عليهم ) او في الايام العاديه في كلا المرتين الاكل بارد والنظام والنظافه عليهما علامه استفهام كبيره فضلا عن لامبالاه العاملين
طاقم العمل مضياف ومحترم لكن الاكل مش اد كده .
Not so wow , it was ok , Mansaf I give it a 6/10 . Their Saudi Kabsa I give it a 4/10 . Very expensive . .
الاسعار والخدمة والضريبة غالية
مكان جميل يحتاج ادارة وعماله محترفيين وعروضهم جميله ولكن اسعارهم غاليه جدا
سيء جدا الله يكرم النعمة .
الاكل بارد ومش افضل حاجة
انا جربت اوفر من عندهم علي كبسة الهام والاكل كان شكله بايت والفراخ بارده واللحمه كان عالمه زي الكاوتش
Such a great experience ! Great food ! Friendly and respectful staff really loved the place and would go back there more than one time !
The quality of the cheese used in the Quattro Formaggi pasta was quite poor .
Guys , so you're in Cairo and you don't know where to eat but you want to spend a tiny amount of money and at the same time have an amazingly nice and filling dinner? Thank God , this place does exist ! It is in Zamalek , and it is Dido's ! ! ! Fantastic food , fantastic portions , fantastic service , fantastic prices . We had one pizza , one huge portion of penne in a blue cheese , the fried rice balls and the bruschetta as a starter and we paid . . . 11 Euros . . . Then we had the tuna salad , the amazing arabiatta with chicken and the even better lasagna and we paid . . . 10 Euros . . . I forgot to include the drinks . . . Can you believe it? The guys are super friendly , need to add more? It is a small place , it has 10 tables , the atmosphere is cozy , the music super cool international and not loud , they do a lot of take aways . Guys , I only took a photo of the fried rice balls ( arancini ) because I was so eager to eat the food . Sorry about this . Don't even think about it . Go .
Pizza , lasagne , bruschette , aranchini everything was very tasteful ! Try also the lemon juice ( they serve it with bottled water and milk ) , is perfect ! I recommend it !
Maintaining Consistent Taste & Freshness since decades : face_savoring_food :
We ordered Pizza and it was very tasty , good size , very reasonable price and wee made as a thin pizza . Only thing that it was a bit salty . We told them and the Chef Mohammad did an outstanding gesture which is rarely seen now . He removed part of the receipt and also served us free lemonade ( we were 5 people ) . He also went to explain what might have happened and he was so nice about our comments and welcomed us a lot . The staff are so good and friendly and service overall is great . Rarely you see such a gesture nowadays but Mohammed set an example for it . Definitely highly recommending it and will come again .
Restaurant très sympa pour un petit creux . Il y a beaucoup de monde , la commande se fait à l’extérieur et des qu’il y a une place on vous installe . La salle est petite et l’ambiance y est chaleureuse ! A tester si vous êtes dans les parages
ذوق جدا
Guys they are so nice team bgd w aklhum tuhfa tuhfa bgd all are 10/10
طلبت بيتزا مارغريتا والطعم تعبان ، الموظفين قاعدين يتكلموا عند الكاشير طول الوقت ، شيف من اللي بيشتغلوا بالمطبخ قاعد برا المطعم ولابس باطلون رياضة ، تجربه ما تتكرر
لو فيه اكثر من كذا تقييم اعطيت ، وحقه يكون في التقييم العام ٥ من ٥ اجواءه مختلفه واطباق لذيذه جدا
Nice old place . . just take the queue every visit
Super nice and super helpful staff
الاكل مش طيب ابدا والشاورما كلها مجلدة والجبنة ريحتها طالعة وبتنادي النادل بقلك المرة الجاية … ان شاء الله مافي مرة جاية الاكل كان وحش اوي اوي ولا انصح به
مطعم الياسمين نضيف جدا
مطعم الياسمين الدمشقي جميل
اسعارهم كويسه جدا والاكل تحفه اوي
مش قد كده
المكان مغلق غير موجود
مغلق للاسف
يحتاج الي تطوير في المكان ومهارت الطهاه
افضل جوده وممتاز في تجربة المشاوي
The rating says it all .
الاكل كان جميل ، و المعاملة جميلة جدا و لكن العاملين بالمكان عددهم مش كافي لو في زحمة
لا انصح به سي للغايه في اكتوبر الحصري
جدا سي
ابدا لا انصح بتجربة اللحم المندي عندهم ، اللحم المندي دائما سيئ جدا وناشف وغير طازج وفيه كمية زفر ، اسوء تجربه للحم المندي . بالنسبه للدجاج لازم يكون طازج والي هيكون سيئ وزفر
المكان خيال وكل حاجه حلوه
الاكل عادي جدا
This is where you’d want to go and experience meat in Zayed . The meet was delicious , the atmosphere was good and the service was pretty decent . The cook behind the grill was a great gentleman . The only reason that I took one star : star : was that I went there for Short Ribs and they didn’t have .
الاكل لذيذ والمكان راقي بس الاسعار غاليه جدا
The meat was perfectly cooked—tender , juicy , and full of rich flavor . Every bite showed great attention to quality and seasoning . The portion was generous and beautifully presented , making the dish both satisfying and enjoyable . But the definitely need to choose better Music Tracks .
Meatmoot Restaurant offers a nice overall experience with a pleasant and stylish vibe . The food quality is good , well prepared , and clearly uses premium ingredients . However , prices are relatively very high compared to portion size and alternatives , so it’s more suitable for special occasions rather than casual dining . Overall , it’s a good experience for those who appreciate ambiance and quality and don’t mind paying a premium .
مكان كويس وشوو حلوو جدا
I would like to sincerely thank the emergency room team for the excellent care they provided to my father . From the moment we arrived , the staff were attentive , professional , and compassionate . They received us quickly and made sure my father was comfortable while assessing his condition . We are very grateful for the care and support they gave my father . Thank you to the entire emergency department for your hard work and commitment to helping patients .
اسوء تمريض و اسوء تجربة مريت بيها معاهم
مستشفي سيئه جدا وبطئ شديد في كل شئ والتمريض مش علي المستوي ومافيش مسؤول تعرف تكلمه
We appreciate everything you have done . . especially the nursing services . . all the nurses in fifth floor . . also house keeping and room service . . especial thanks to miss Diamond . . .
Ich war heute bei Frau Dr . Hala wegen meiner Schilddrüse . Ich hatte alle meine gesammelten Testergebnisse vom letzten Jahr ordentlich mitgebracht , um ihr einen Überblick zu geben . Leider war der Termin sehr enttäuschend . Bereits im Gespräch hat sie mich vor ihrer Assistentin – die ohne ersichtlichen Grund mit im Behandlungszimmer saß – kritisiert und regelrecht „fertig gemacht“ , weil ich bestimmte Untersuchungen habe durchführen lassen . Ich empfand das als sehr unangenehm und respektlos , vor allem da ein Arzt - Patienten - Gespräch auf Vertrauen und Diskretion basieren sollte . Zusätzlich wurde ich mehrfach gedrängt , den Namen meines vorherigen Arztes zu nennen . Nachdem ich ihn genannt hatte , wurde dieser von ihr als unfähig bezeichnet . Ein solches Verhalten gegenüber Kollegen finde ich unprofessionell . Am meisten schockiert hat mich jedoch , dass sie sich nach diesem Gespräch geweigert hat , meine Schilddrüse überhaupt zu untersuchen , mit der Begründung , das würde keinen Sinn machen . Stattdessen kam sie innerhalb einer einzigen Sitzung zu dem Schluss , ich hätte Depressionen , und verschrieb mir – mit 35 Jahren – Antidepressiva , ohne eine gründliche Untersuchung oder weiterführende Diagnostik . So eine Behandlung habe ich noch nie erlebt . Ich habe mich weder ernst genommen noch respektvoll behandelt gefühlt . Sehr enttäuschend . Lautes Auftreten , abwertende Kommentare und voreilige Diagnosen sind für mich in keiner Weise akzeptabel . Dieser Termin war eine große Enttäuschung und für mich absolut nicht empfehlenswert .
Poor nursing staff & poor dealing with medical insurance .
Very good hospital Has good doctors Service is good Staff is helpful and friendly Special needs wheelchair entrance is available The hospital is wheelchair accessible Parking is not available and very hard to find in the street Special needs wheelchair parking is not available
The hospital food service is really good , clean , organized , and attentive to patients’ dietary needs
Thank you assalam hospital for the good cara Thanks to ms Noura tàbebe nurse and ms aya abdel wahab Spécial thanks to ms Diamond for her care
Ms aml the head on the 9th floor , rahma is very kind and professional . : )
I visited the hospital today and I was very tried really I have appreciated manager in reception Mr . Ramzy has really supported me and also the assistant for dor Ahmed انف واذن وحنجره
This is my first time coming to Egypt and I never thought it would be a delightful experience . I brought my father for a medical treatment from Eritrea and from the first minute we arrive at As Salam international hospital Maadi branch , they took everything serious and they did what we needed to stabilize my father's heart condition before any further tests . From the emergency room with in couple hours they transfer as to CCU which is cardiac care unit . After intensive tests and diagnostics they did intervention and everything went well . Thanks to God my father is in great condition now . I want to name those nurses who did everything to make me and my dad feel home and relaxed . I could write about my delighted experience but I will end it here . I am sorry I couldn't remember the name of the Dr . s but they are as helpful as all the nurses we came across . With out any specific orders here are the amazing nurses , Mr . Rabbani Mahmoud Mr . Mohammed Abdullah Miss . Rabab Hosni Mr . mustafa |brahim Mr . Ahmed Tarik Press and hold
Cc u 21 I would like to express my sincere gratitude to Madam Diamond , Amira , Eid , Refay , Tahany , and Shrouk for their dedication during the two medical interventions for my mother from Djibouti . My sincere thanks to the CNSS team , especially Omar Ahmed , for his assistance , professionalism , and kindness . I also extend my appreciation to Dr . Wahbia , Mr . Osman , Hasna , Amina , Ismael , and to all those who contributed and offered their support . My highest respect and gratitude go to His Excellency the Ambassador of Djibouti in Egypt and his spouse , as well as to the spouse of the President of the African Union , for their continued support to evacuated patients . With profound respect and appreciation .
خدمه متيمزه واشخاص رائعين
قسم الاغذيه و المشروبات ممتاز جدا جدا و ناس محترمه اوي
The Food and beverage section is very helpful and supportive
قسم اغذيه ومشروبات محترمين جدا ومعاملته كويسه وناس زوء
احب اشكر قسم اغذيه ومشروبات علي الخدمه الممتازه في تقديم الاكل وجوده الطعام الممتازه بجد شكرا ليكم جدا
Ci vengo ogni inverno ma il caffè è sempre peggio ! Poco denso , senza crema e caro !
مكان لطيف و هادئ و قهوه جميله
Cozy , classy , and Gentle stuff what a lovely place . Great for dates , good for studying and working . Not suggested for loud groups .
Mediocre . not good coffee , it was burnt . ice coffee was good , probably milk had a flavor . . atmosphere is not bad , it was quiet cuz no one was there , chairs are terrible and quite old service not bad , people expect you to come and take your order , just another regular overpriced coffee restaurant . not recommended but i might go there again
Best place to have coffee in maadi
A wonderful cafe with great ambience and delightful staff . A must visit if you’re ever n Maadi .
ممتاز و ا . نجاح متعاون جدا والتيم كله محترم
احلي فطيره مشكل جبن وسط ، ٤ قطع ميكس بدون مكسرات و عيش المتعه : fire : : fire : : fire : : fire : : fire :
الاكل حلو جدا بس المكان محتاج تجديد
طلبت الاوردر الساعة ٦ جايلي ٩ وكل اما اكلم حد يرميني علي حد تاني وحاجة في منتهي قلة الادب اقسم بالله
قبل ما اعمل الكومنت دة ، لسة قافل مع المطعم و طلبت اوردر توصيل منزلي و بعد مخلصت الاوردر قولتلوا يبعت مندوب التوصيل بالفيزا ، راح قالي لازم كاش : man_shrugging_light_skin_tone : يا فندم ازاي كاش بس دة ٣/٤ معاملات التجارية في المحلات و المطاعم من خلال الفيزا ، رد عليا يقولي لا سياسة المطعم نقدي فقط ، روحت قولتلوا طيب ابعتلي مندوب توصيل عندوا حساب بنكي انستاباي احول عليه ، راح رفض بردوا : man_shrugging_light_skin_tone : قولتلوا الغي الاوردر بصراحة انا مستغرب من الاسلوب و التعامل الغريب دة ، دة الف باء في اي مكان بيقدم خدمة سواء اكل او غيروا يكون عندوا فيزا لا انصح به لان الاسلوب و المعاملة المحترمة هيا اساس التقييم و زي مبيقولوا التربيه قبل التعليم ( معلم في شغلك بس قليل الادب و الذوق يبقا ولا ليك لزمة )
great food and great prices , but I'm not so fond of the dine in experience , could use some touches
الاكل ممتاز و اسعار معقوله جدا
طلبت اوردر ، الجودة سيئة جدا .
Thank's mr ahmed
احمد كان ممتاز معانا شكرا للمساعده
had a very good time , nice environment and tasty food
Yemeğim içerisinde uzun bir saç kılı çıkıyor işletmenin müdürü belki senin saçındır diyip gülüyor temizlik açısından sıfır tavsiye etmem verdiğiniz parayı çöp etmek istiyorsanız bu lokantaya gidin .
المكان جميل اووي و الاكل و بجد في ويتر اسم اسلام كان محترم و زووق اووي
كانت التجربة جميلة و استقبلنا الموظف عمر حلمي وكان محترم جدا و خدوم و الاطباق لذيذة
Literally my favorite place to study , work , eat , chill , and even gather with friends in Egypt
Un repas d’excellente qualité , et un service impeccable , merci à Omar .
A very good experience ! I highly recommend this place the food , ambience , service all was just amazing
Nice to have Abd Elrahman Oscar & Ahmed Samer in addition to Omar Helmy at Willow’s since all of them are very helpful and friendly , not my first time to visit , highly recommended
Excellent service by Abdelrahman oscar . Great food
احمد تركي كان ممتاز معانا وخدمة ممتازة والاكل لذيذ جدا
Excellent service Sheko and abdelrahman oscar excellent services very nice food
This place feels like home , Amazing food , very helpful stuff specially Ahmed Turkey
Great experience and service !
اجمل فطار انجليزي
Clean , fresh and bright . Pistachio Crossiants are amazing ! Service is excellent .
النودلز و تاكو الربيان فوق التقييم EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS والموظف مصطفي حياة للمكان
Very friendly staff and best quality of food Special thanks to ahmed tourky
I definitely enjoyed the service and the food ! An incredible experience ! Thank you to the staff especially Mohamed Magdy and Ahmed El tork .
Ahmed Turky extremely welcoming , Service in a timely manner : thumbs_up_light_skin_tone : : thumbs_up_light_skin_tone :
The service is amazing and the food is tasty with fresh ingredients : folded_hands : big thanks to Ahmed Turki serving us with a great smile and welcoming attitude !
The food was amazing and Ahmed Turky gave us the best service possible ! !
Mohamed magdy was great , he was really nice and the food was really good
Thanx mr ali for service today and refaay
Hands down the best pizza in Egypt !
Best pizza experience I’ve ever had . From the vibe of the place to the food , everything was perfect . The pizza was amazing . I always follow a rule in any authentic pizza restaurant : I try the Margherita pizza first , then decide if the place is really worth it—and this one was the best I’ve ever had . From the cheese to the dough , everything was incredible . The sauce was a little light in my opinion; I personally prefer it thicker and more herby . But overall , it’s a 10/10 , especially for a pizza that was finished in just 3 minutes .
진짜 맛있음 . 한국의 유명한 피자 맛집이랑 다를게 없음 . 좀 짜긴 하지만 이집트 여행이 길어져서 익숙해진듯 . 멀리까지 온 보람이 있다 . 브레이크 타임이 있으니 잘 고려해서 올 것 ! ! 이름이 기억 안나는데 안티초크 , 버섯 , 살라미 , 치즈가 들어간 피자/ 시저 샐러드/ 콜라 먹었고 800EGP정도 나왔음 .
My experience was average , they mastered the dough indeed but the toppings could be better mix I guess They use a very tasty special tomato sauce too
Garlic bread was without any Garlic
Always great !
World class pizza with very fast and excellent service . Way to go guys .
I had a very wonderful time there The italian vibes and the amazing taste I loved it
鉴定过了，披萨好吃 ! 饼皮筋道，外酥内软，有个肉的肉味道特别好吃。点了凯撒沙拉味道也好吃，而且他们还开创性地用了本地的蔬菜，口感味道更丰富。虽然我坐了三十分钟车来，但是值了。
Really good Neapolitan pizza ! ! So impressive to see this in Egypt . Highly recommend it .
مكان حلو و رعب و دخلت قصة هاري هاوس
بصراحه لسة مشتري بيتزا سوبر سوبريم ممتازة طعمها حلو حشو ممتاز حجم كويس جدا الف شكر للشيف اللي عملها
طعم سيء جدا في الحلو والحادق
احلا فطائر
فطير في المنيل
So delicious pizza in the cairo
مفيش order بيجي صح يا حاجه نقصه يا مختلفه وكمان توقيت التوصيل سئ جدا منصحش بيه حد
Feter is excellent , pizza not recommended
الاكل كان حلو و الاسعار معقوله
شغال
Very nice
No había agua o salía sucia . Tuvimos que mudarnos de hotel . Básico y en obra . El personal muy amable , lo único rescatable del alojamiento . Desayuno muy básico y limitado . Obviamente es un low cost .
تجربه جميله جدا وتعامل راقي من الجميع ويختص الاستاذه يارا
TV : television :
So far my best stay in Egypt , it’s not a luxury hotel but it has everything that we need . From the receptionist to the breakfast chef , everybody is friendly and helpful , this hotel represents the kindness of Egyptian people . The cost of the stay is very budget friendly , breakfast is very good , location is central and we use uber go around . We just need to pay small amount to take a shower after checkout before jump to the train station . I recommend to everybody .
Perfect convenient location and a very nice hotel , rooms was spacious and spotless , bathroom so clean and spacious . Staff are nice and professional . Very close to Talaat Harb and 20 mins walking from Khan elKhalily . If ever again in Cairo would definitely stay here .
اشكركم علي حسن الاستقبال صراحه من افضل الفنادق من واقع تجربتي نظافه وفخامه وايضا لاننسي طاقم الريسبشن يستاهلو كل تقدير واحترام كانوا في قمة الاخلاق وحسن التعامل وهم الاستاذه مني والاستاذ محمد والاستاذه يارا وان شاءالله معكم دائما في هذا الفندق وانقل تجربتي لاخواني في السعوديه تحياتي لكم جميعا
A very beautiful hotel with excellent service especially from mona tariq the receptionist she's truly wonderful and understanding girl very honest with customers everything about the hotel is beautiful this isn't my first time it's my second it's truly amazing hotel l also can't forget toulan and Abdullarahman they are very friendly and helpful EMO_POS I will never forget the moments and memories have at this hotel
Odalar pisti çarşaflar pisti . Lavabo pisti çok üzgünüm ama 2 yıldızı sadece resepsiyondaki nazik hanımefendi için verdim . Kahvaltı da peynir bile yenilmeyecek derecedeydi . Kahire deki başka otelin mağduriyetiyle Mecbur kaldığımız için tek gece iki kişi 4 bin kiraya konakladık . Fiyat performans olarak tüm mısır tatilimizin en kötüsü . .
帰国前にカイロで一泊するのに利用しました。 部屋はコンパクトでしたが値段相応です。 受付の男性はにこやかで、ホスピタリティがあり、朝のUber手配で困っていたら助けてくれました。ありがとうございます！
좋은 서비스에 감사합니다 .
広くてよかった。サポートもよかった。
Dentro del Cairo este hotel ha sido un gran lugar para hospedarse . Está cerca de varios lugares interesantes y además el servicio , la atención y la limpieza es muy buena .
A nice hotel with worm welcome all staff are helpful miss Walaa and Mr Marius as well Mr Marwan I enjoyed my staying .
The service at the hotel is much better than before There are a lot of improvements occurring in the hotel hope that you keep it up service cleaning cafe shop but there are something needs to be dine
فندق جميل جدا والانسه ولاء قمه في الذوق صاحبه الابتسامه دايما تشرح النفس
Central location Downtown . Well connected . good services . Nice room
Rooms are nice and staff are very helpful .
لطيف مش واو
كويس
Nice place to meet friends .
The closest place to my heart because of the amazing collection and high quality of provided products nevertheless to mention the most professional staff there
الحلويات من اسوا ما يكون
اسواء خدمه توصيل في التجمع
طلبت من الابلكيشن ٢ كيلو ونص يالنجي و جالي كيلو ونص بس بعد ساعتين اساسا و خدمة العملاء عندهم فالضياع الاليم بجد بقولهم مستعجله و محتاجه الكيلو التاني تقولي البنت منا مستنيه رد الفرع مرتين اكلمها تقولي نفس الكلام و حاجه في منتهي الاستهتار بوقت العميل . . لو مش عارفين تاخدوا طلبات من ابلكيشن يبقي متعملوش ابلكيشن اصلا دا كدا منتهي الفشل و لما كتبت الكلام دا فكومنتات علي صفحتهم عملولي بلوك . . قله ادب
احلي منتجات
الاستقبال كويس جدا والخدمة ممتازة
مستشفي هايله ومستوي نظافة جيد جدا صطاف ممتاز
ماشاءالله تبارك مستشفي مستوي عالي جدا من النظافه والاحترافيه والدكاتره والتمريض والحضانه وكلو
مستشفي ممتاز التمريض كمان ممتاز ونظيف جدا وكلهم زوق
اهتمام كامل والخدمات متكاملة الرعاية الدقة ف المواعيد
سي للغايه واهمال جابوا لبن للطفل منتهي من 6 شهور حسبي الله عليهم ونعم الوكيل فيهم
مستشفي ممتاز جدا وبشكر كل اطباء الرعاية وبشكر مستر عبد الله ناصر انسان محترم جدا
بصراحة كانت تجربة استثنائية بفضل الممرضة اسراء . من اول لحظة وهي بتتعامل باقصي درجات الرحمة والاهتمام والاحترافية بشكل يميزها فعلا . كانت دايما موجودة ، منتبهة لكل تفصيلة ، وبتسبق احتياجاتي قبل ما اطلبها . انا اتعاملت مع انظمة رعاية صحية في امريكا وانجلترا ، واقدر اقول بثقة ان مستوي الرعاية اللي بتقدمه الممرضة اسراء مش بس علي نفس المستوي ، ده كمان اعلي وافضل . مهارتها الطبية ، وهدوءها ، وطيبتها الحقيقية بيخلوا اي مريض يحس بالراحة والامان . هي فعلا مثال للتمريض علي مستوي عالمي ، والمستشفي محظوظة جدا بوجودها .
مستشفي ممتازه ممتازه ومعامله فوق الممتاز محدش قصر معايا نهائي
خدمه ممتازه ممتازه
: star : : star : : star : : star : : star : Excellent care from start to finish . The staff was professional , kind , and attentive , and the doctors explained everything clearly . The facility was clean and well - organized . Highly recommend ! Thank you Ms . Nirmeen . EMO_POS EMO_POS
تعامل راقي وتجاوب مع المريض والمرافقين وتوفير كل المتطلبات بدون تعقيد وشكر خاص لقسم العلاقات العامه واستاذة نيرمين علي اهتمامها باستعجال الاجراءات واسلوبها الراقي في التعامل
مستشفي نظيفه جدا واهتمام واهم حاجه انهم بيساعدو ولو فيه اي مشكله ان وجدت حصلت بيحلوها ف اسرع وقت
بدون وسيبة تواصل
اللة واكبر علي الطاقم الطبي ومعامله مثاليه وكل الشكر
الاكل بارد و غالي و الخدمه زفت وحاسبونا علي العيش مع الاكل لا انصح به و لن اكرر التجربه
مش حلو فرمضان للاسف
Lamb chops are just AMAZING . It’s a must .
Frozen food arrived after 4 hours of ordering then they turn their phone off to avoid responsibility
الكميات قليلة شوية لكن كله غير كدة كله حلو
If you’re heading out to the New Settlement for a meal , this spot is a solid contender , though there are a few things you should keep in mind before you park the car . The food quality itself is wonderful—you can tell the ingredients are fresh and the kitchen knows what they’re doing with their seasoning—but you definitely shouldn't come here if you're already "starving" or in a rush . The preparation takes its sweet time , so it’s much better suited for a long , relaxed family lunch or a slow weekend dinner where the conversation is the main event while you wait . ​As for the menu , I gave the tarb a shot , and while the taste was authentic , it was a bit of a heavy hit . The mandeel was way too thick for my liking , making it a bit over - fatty rather than having that perfect , thin melt - in - your - mouth crunch you look for . If you aren't a fan of a really heavy wrap , you might want to ask them to lean it out or try one of their other grilled platters , which were excellent . ​The saving grace during the long wait for the food was definitely the staff . They were incredibly pleasant and had that genuine Egyptian hospitality that makes you feel welcome rather than just another table number . Even with the kitchen running slow , their attitude kept the vibe positive . It’s a great addition to the New Settlement dining scene , just go in expecting a slow - paced experience and maybe a bit of a heavier hand on the traditional grills
The place is nice , stuff are nice and helpfull . The food is delicious , portions are fine and good value for money
مطعم ممتاز ونظيف خصوصا الريش : ok_hand : الفرع هذا افضل من فرع النيل واحدث
سيخ مشوي ياخد جايزة اسوء مطعم مشاوي واسوء خدمة ممكن تشوفها ، قلة ذوق من ال staff غير محترمين بالمرة .
مطعم رائع واجوائه جميله ورايقه واكلهم لذيذ
Spent full day there for team gathering Starting with Breakfast : Food was great but took a long preparation time and for large group ( +5 ) , it's easy to be confused which plate belongs to which order . Drinks : great variety and taste For lunch , food was excellent and its preparation was much quicker than the breakfast . For desserts , enjoyed it but preparation time wasn't quick like the lunch Overall , it was a great experience there .
اكل لذيذ ونظيف الاسف فنان بشوشين
Thank you fayrouz restaurant
thank you so much mona for your service
thank you mona
Great food and great atmosphere . The hummus was phenomenal .
Mükemmel yemek lezzeti , büyük porsiyonlar ve canayakın hizmet . Kahire de uğranması gereken bir yer
Very good food ! Very Nice persons ! I totally recommend
Everything was perfect
كل حاجة جميلة
Amazing food . Exceptional service and very friendly and courtious staff .
Great experience at Fairuz Intercontinental Cairo . Food was authentic and delicious and the service was great !
Excellent service and food . . . very nice
So much food , thought we didn’t order enough but when the food came out there was more than enough ! Food tasted delicious , would highly recommend !
Had a good time !
الاكل طيب وشهي
ممتاز جدا وسريع جدا شكرا
What a wonderful meal ! The grilled chicken was quite literally the best I’ve ever had . Beautifully prepared , tender and juicy with a lovely crisp coating on the outside . A Cairo highlight ! Thank you all !
Delicious food and excellent service . I had shish tawook . Salmeen was very attentive and the manager , Sabry was very good at wine recommendations
الاكل تحفة ونضيف
الاكل جودته ممتازة المشكلة في الزحمة وبطء الخدمة
للاسف فين نجف بتاع زمان ولا جودة ولا خدمة وكمان اسعار عالية
الاول كان احلي
الاهتمام بالنظافة شبه معدوم
هو هو من ٥٠ سنه
اسواء خدمه عملاء في مصر
مطعم قذر
اكلهم حكاية
خدمة بشعة
good for pediatric and children
مستشفي نظيفه وجميع العملين بها زو خبره جيده
مستشفي نوعا ما مقبوله
مستوي عال في الخدمات الطبية مع الضبط والربط العسكري
حرفيا ممتازه جدا
I was doing a medical check . The system was down for almost an hour and a half , and they kept asking me to leave and come another day .
ممتازه
مكان رائع جدا ويملكون مجموعة مميزة من الدكاترة والاستشاريين وقريب من جميع الخدمات
مستشفي متميزة
الاكل بارد جداا
لذيذ : face_savoring_food :
وحش جدا
تجربة سيئة لا ينصح به
تجربة سيئة
Old style , spacey , restaurant with live performing pianist , who is taxed in your bill for instance : D , good waiters , average food and slow kitchen .
مكان حلو قوي ونظيف جدا قضيت في وقت ممتع الصراحه
We returned the food and left . . . they didn't charge us
Very nice and cozy place to grab a drink . Ambiance is nice . Service is great . I tried food just once . It was not the best . But I totally recommend for drinks
مكان رومانسي موسيقي حيه رقص رومانسي . . . متعه حقيقيه
You can’t go wrong at Five Bells . The ambience was very elegant thanks to the piano player , among other things . No need to mention the service and the food because they met our expectations .
Great Place
Overpriced and not particularly special . The atmosphere lacks privacy and the relaxing touch you’d expect for the price .
A night club in cairo
Good pub with both indoor and outdoor areas
Musique très ancienne et triste j aimerais bien écouter de la musique egyptienne car j ai mangé un plat typique egypte
جودة اكل ونضافة صفر من عشرة
الاكل مشاء الله جميل ومختلف عن اي مكان اخر
خدمات توصيل زيرو معامله وحشه بعد ماتتصل بيهم
الاكل مش نضيف خالص وبايت ومالوش طعم مكنتوش كدا خالص سقوط رهيب
الفراخ بايته و كان فيه شيش حمضان
للاسف اخر مره اطلب من عندهم الاكل سئ وحمضان
للاسف الاكل بايت والرز سئ جدا وكمان المشويات حمضانه
I regret : lying_face : : angry_face :
زفت
They charge security deposit for reserve table now they don’t want return money and ignoring me i’m usa citizen i request to usa embassy they trying to SCAM
Nice food , parking is horrible in weekend
Not bad . . . taste didn't impress me much . . . nothing special . . . nice place and decorations . . . less than average service
Everything was super except the weather was too cold
İftar için rezervasyon yapıp gittik . Yaklaşık 10 - 15 dakika kadar yerimize geçmek için bekledik . Bir Türk olarak yemekleri puanlamam gerekirse 8 . 5/10 diyebilirim ( 1 . 5 puanı lahmacunun az baharatı ve iskender kebaptan kırdım ) . Ayrıca , bir Türk olarak Ali Nazik Kebabı şiddetle öneririm , harikaydı . Atmosfer fena değildi . Ancak hizmet , garsonlar ve servis hızı aşırı kötüydü . Çorbayı 3 kez tekrar hatırlatmak durumunda kaldık ve ekip birbirinden bağımsız hareket ettiğinden ekstra çorba getirdiler . Yemek sonrası çay ve kahveyi de yine aynı şekilde en az 20 dakika gecikmeli ve tekrar tekrar hatırlatarak ancak alabildik . Sütlaç Brulee'yi de sipariş edip 25 dakika bekledikten sonra masaya gelmediği halde hesapta görünce hesaptan çıkarılmasını istedik hiçbir problem çıkarmadan hemen çıkardılar . Sonuç olarak; lezzetler gerçekten çok iyi . Orijinal türk yemeklerine aşırı yakın lezzetler sunuyorlar ama hizmetlerini geliştirmeleri gerekiyor . Karşılama ve sipariş süreci gerçekten çok çok zayıf . İngilizce bilen bir müdür vardı olabildiğince yardımcı olmaya çalıştı ama ekiple ilgili pek olumlu yorum yapmam maalesef mümkün değil . Hizmetlerini düzelttikleri takdirde kesinlikle önereceğim bir mekan olur .
Amazing experience , the food was WOW , the service was amazing , high quality , great meat and taste . Fast Service , clean place , professional staff . Really recommended , you should try it . I always love the Turkish cuisine , but here it was more better than what I tried before .
A nice place with delicious food
خدمه ممتازه و اسعار معقوله الاطباق كبيره و خاماتها ممتازه
'260306訪問 Chicken orzo soup 50EGP Green peas tagine with chicken 200EGP Spaghetti pasta with vegetables 150EGP
La comida estuvo muy bien . Y la vista es impresionante . Lo que no fue tan bueno fue la atención . Además cobran el 24% en servicios .
Una perla nascosta vicino al vecchio ingresso delle piramidi di Giza . La strada su cui si trova potrebbe far cambiare idea , ma il cibo è stata una grande sorpresa , davvero buonissimo . Siamo tornati due volte durante la nostra permanenza , il rapporto qualità - prezzo è corretto e le porzioni sono abbondanti . Ottimo lavoro ai proprietari
insane view , would recommend
Very bad experience . . the service . food , people every thing is very bad not clean
TODO LO QUE COMES AHI SABE DELICIOSO , CON ESE INGREDIENTE ESPECIAL LA VISTA HACIA LAS PIRAMIDES , Y SI ESTAS CON EL AMOR : heart_with_arrow : : two_hearts : DE TÚ VIDA PA QUE MAS , Y QUE TE TRAIGAN LA LAMPARA PARA FROTARLA Y AÑADIR OTRO DESEO . : sunflower : : sunflower : : sunflower :
جميل جدا ورائع
モロヘイヤスープと肉入りムサカを食べました。どちらもとても美味しかったです！付け合わせのパンもしっとりむっちりしていて日本人好みだと思いました。 料理が出てくるまで時間はかかりましたが、丁寧に作っているのだと思います。 他のお店で食べたスープと比べても格段に美味しく、モロヘイヤがたっぷり入っていました。 ピラミッドも見渡せて、立地も良いです。 テーブルや椅子、お店まで行くビルの階段はもう少し掃除が必要かと思います。 日にちがあればもう一度行って他の料理も食べてみたかったです。 ※サービス料12%と税12%がかかります。
Fuimos un grupo de 19 personas . Comimos muy bien , parrillada al carbón y hummus con pan de pita . Salimos a 9 - 10€ por cabeza . Delicioso el café turco . También se puede fumar shisha . La callecita es un poco desangelada pero el sitio es auténtico y lleno de clientes locales .
Per cena abbiamo trovato questo ristorantino con cibi locali e cucina tradizionale : sparkles : Abbiamo aspettato un bel po' , circa 30 minuti dall'ordinazione , ma ne è valsa la pena per rilassarci nel frattempo con un the caldo vista piramidi : face_holding_back_tears : : red_triangle_pointed_up : Diversi piatti anche per noi vegetariani , davvero saporiti , zuppa alla cipolla TOP : onion : : eggplant : : melon : . La cena è stata servita con pane caldo e tipico , posate e tovaglioli . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . senza dover pagare il coperto ! ! ! EMO_POS : drum : Abbiamo preso 5 piatti davvero saziati e 2 the caldi , mangiato in 2 adulti , e speso 630 lire egiziane con scontrino e prezzi già noti al momento dall'ordinazione . . Davvero incredibile : green_heart : Uniche aree di miglioramento : 1 ) si può pagare solo in contanti ; 2 ) nei bagni manca la carta igienica , però si può chiedere ed ottenere dei tovagliolini Grazie , Antea & Stefano ( Italy )
Nous sommes allés mangé ici en soirée . Passez votre chemin . Le service à été extrêmement long alors même que nous étions les seuls clients . A aucun moment les serveurs ne sont venus nous voir pour s'excuser de l'attente , savoir si tout se passait bien et n'étaient ni chaleureux ni agréables . La nourriture était à l'image du reste . Dommage car la vue sur les Pyramides étaient splendide !
A nice place with a view of the pyramids the furniture is little old but everything else is perfect
One day it was wonderful and suddenly another management took it and they destroyed completely . . avoid coming here !
Increíble la comida , el ambiente tranquilo y la vista a las pirámides muy buena ! ! El precio es correcto , solo tener en cuenta que al precio que ves en la carta luego te suman el 12% de impuestos y 12% por el servicio; Aún así el precio es barato ( para los turistas ) . 100% recomendado si queres comer comida típica egipcia : sparkles :
Está genial para tomar un café por la mañana , tiene muy buenas vistas a las pirámides .
Место довольно интересное , но как и в многих местах в Египте еда как будто пресная и не сильно сытная , но зато отличный вид на пирамиды , только ради такого вида можно посетить это место .
Amazing restaurant , BUT in 2 out of 3 visits they charged us double the price of the menu
Comida local muy buena , servicio muy atento ( Ahmed ) y vistas inmejorables .
Como todos los restaurantes de esta zona , no es el mejor sitio en el Cairo ni el más económico , pagas por las vistas de las pirámides . Sabíamos que iba a estar hinflado de precio pero he de decir que nos sorprendió para bien . La comida estaba bastante rica , el servicio decente , y no era un sitio muy turístico ya que estaba lleno de locales . No tienes consumición mínima por lo que puedes ir a tomar bebidas y ya está . El precio fue menos de lo que esperábamos , nos gastamos unos 6€ por persona ( por supuesto creo que nos cobraron lo que quisieron , pero aún así ) y cenamos decentemente . Las vistas de las pirámides preciosas así que lo recomiendo totalmente , creo que de los de la zona es el más económico y se está a gusto para ver el espectáculo de luces . Eso sí , el sitio está al final de un callejón de mala muerte , pero existe y no tuvimos problemas de seguridad . Llegamos y nos fuimos en taxi .
La atención es muy cercana y muy amable . El local tiene muchos detalles descuidados , estaba muy sucio , Desde la entrada , escaleras , sillas y mesas , muy sucio . Decidimos pedir unas bebidas y la comida porque habíamos visto buenas reseñas , pero ten en cuenta que por toda esta zona los precios estan demasiado inflados porque pagas por las vistas . . la cantidad estaba bien . Pedimos shawarma , estaba bañado en aceite . . una exageración , lo dejamos tal cual . El pollo a la parrilla estaba bueno . Lo dicho . . creo que hay varios lugares para comer en la zona pero que sepas que los precios son puestos para bolsillos de turistas . Recomiendo pedirte una bebida y disfrutar de las vistas . Nosotros pagamos en euros Y nos dijo si 26€ 1267 Le = 26 € : euro_banknote :
الاجواء رائعة
价格不贵，食物挺抽象的，点了一个辣意面超级酸，一个烟熏鸡又特别甜。最离谱的是我们总价450 . 3磅，给了500，找零45磅，正常情况下应该是抹零0 . 3磅吧（之前遇到的埃及餐厅和超市都是这样），只能说避雷
Una scoperta veramente piacevole . Un angolo di pace e gusto in centro del Cairo . Consigliatissimo .
我點的是雞胸肉，非常鮮嫩，搭配蘑菇醬，很好吃，而且不油膩。餐點偏歐式，價格不貴，氣氛還非常好，服務也棒，很推薦來這裡用餐。
Great food and such friendly staff ! When the bill came their were no surprises charges or fees , I mention this because we have had a few surprise fees when dining in Cairo restaurants .
Friendly and helpful stuff , delicious hawawshi
للاسف المطعم مش كويس الاكل بس شكرا لهم علي حسن تعامل
Wonderful service , great , authentic food . : )
تجربة رائعة ( فطور شرقي + حلي ام علي ) ا . امل ، ماشاء الله عليه ماقصرت ولاغلطة : ok_hand_light_skin_tone :
A beautiful and charming restaurant with gorgeous decor . It was like walking into a cave ! Lovely waitress and waiter ! The cappuccino and the Nutella cappuccino is so delicious . The orange juice is fresh and yummy . The Turkish coffee is strong and tasty . The Oriental and English breakfasts are great and is served with warm pita and other breads . Worth a visit .
Terrible experience . Wait for 40 minutes for the dish , and a fly flew into it . If you expect a nice dinner , this is not the right place to go to .
モロヘイヤチキンのチキンが激うまです！サービスもめちゃくちゃよくておすすめ！
L'endroit est sympa , on y mange bien et on a été super bien servi par Ahmed !
Ahmed ist super nett .
Tolles Restaurant - sehr freundlicher Service . Tolle Bar & Restaurant im 11 . Stock .
Doctor Akmet was the best waiter ! ! ! He was very friendly with a lot of communication and his service was excellent ! ! Also all of the other waiters were very helpful ! ! Thank you very much : folded_hands_medium_skin_tone : The food also was very nice ! !
Very ambient location with great food and hospitality .
Lieu super , Service impeccable Nourriture très bonne . Juste un peu plus de lumières et ce serait parfait . Merci pour ce moment
Cibo vario e ottimo , ambiente accogliente con aria intima . . personale disponibile e servizio eccellente !
This was our go - to spot in that area of Cairo . Hard to find better elsewhere and we enjoyed the quiet and less crowded atmosphere . Food was very good and we ate there several times , sampling various items off the menu . One warning , there is a smoking section so ensure you are seated in the right area . We never smelled smoke in the Non - Smoking area . For reference , we never ate at a local restaurant that , to us , was better then 2 or 3 stars until we came here .
Omar and Ibrahim took great care of us; highly recommended to visit the terrace !
Food is very average . I was there twice , at dinner and lunch . The first time I ordered the fillet and it was ok and the second time I ordered the grilled chicken and it was definitely overcooked and I left almost all of it . The one dish I liked a lot was the goat cheese salad . The service is very friendly . I would recommend if you are in the area and need something quick to eat or a nice place for a drink as at night is quite a good atmosphere . However , don’t expect mind blowing dishes !
위치가 조용하고 직원들의 서비스가 좋았습니다 .
나는 여기에서 아주 만족했다 특히 omar은 아주 특별한 직웜이다 아주 훌륭한 직원이다 사장은 이 직원에게 보너스 두둑히줘라 이 호텔이 이집트 메리어트 보다 좋은 이미지를 받는것은 직원들 덕이다 .
여기 아주좋다 이집트 카이로 메리어트 보다 호텔은 작아도 알차고 특히 아침 모닝 식사는 메리어트 보다 질적으로 우수하다 . omar은 아주 우수한 호텔직원이다 . 이 호텔 사장은 omar에게 보너스 줘야한다 . 어떻게 이런 직원을 뽑았나 . 호텔 등급이 두등급은 올라갔다 .
Wir waren mit dem Frühstück sehr zufrieden
Great breakfast Super nice service .
It's located at the top floor of a hotel . Went there for iftar with family . They had a set menu with 3 main course options . The food was good overall , but the meat was a bit too dry . Otherwise the service and atmosphere were great .
Service parfait par Ibrahim .
Lovely hotel and services .
在埃及住到最喜歡的飯店，早餐很好吃，廁所設計很合理，推薦這間飯店
It’s such a great place to start my first day in Cairo ! The food is amazing and the service by Mr . Ibrahim was fantastic
Great atmosphere ! Very picturesque view from here ! Very good and attentive waiter Ibrahim ! And food is tasty : face_savoring_food :
Thank you Ibrahim and other staff for better service .
حلوه اوي
خامات جيدة
اسوء بيتزا كلتها في حياتي
جامد بس زحمه جامد
jucy lucy
جميل . . . برجر بالجبنه . . . ميكس كفته . . . طبق بطاطس بالجبنه . . . اكل جميل ونضيف . . . .
اكلم تحفة : face_savoring_food : : face_savoring_food : : face_savoring_food : : face_savoring_food :
اكل مناسب وسعر مناسب
It's my main grocery store in Zamalik . It's Clean , not to much pricey and a friendly staff . The Manager is always their for your help .
On y trouve un peu de tout , avec des marques locales et étrangères , à des prix raisonnables .
مكاني المفضل لاغراض البيت .
Es gab hier sehr gute Lebensmittel zu kaufen und ich fand das Personal sehr freundlich . Vielen Dank dafür : sun_with_face :
Excellent experience
مكان ممتاز العائلة كلها بتشكر فيها
Today went very smooth , i didnt have to wait a lot for my appointment . Overall things were good .
معاملة جميلة ناس محترمة
Very professional & polite with dealing with patients . Best place Highly recommended .
good service
Good place with professional Sevices
استقبال محترم ودكاتره ممتازه
خدمة ممتازة و الاطباء علي اعلي مستوي
Very good experience
الخدمة جيدة جدا
ناس محترمه
Schöner Blick auf den Nil
I , just like you , saw the great reviews this place had and decided to give it a go . I had the a la carte menue , ordered the egyptian fattah with lamb which was melt in the mouth fantastic . I ordered the om ali too but didn't have it as the fattah was so filling . This dish would be best for 2 people . The service was great and I did not wait long for my food . There is also seating for a cool view of the nile which looks great at night
We ate at this restaurant on our final evening in Cairo . It offers a buffet style restaurant with a good selection of salad and cold meats and fish , and hot dishes . I guess it's reasonable value for money if you are hungry and looking to eat three courses . However , if like me you can't eat a big meal and are only after a small plate of salad and a glass of water then it's really rather outrageously expensive . Left a rather sour note to the end of my stay here in Cairo . Hence only two stars .
Restaurant qui sert au petit déjeuner le matin et qui officie comme restaurant Libanais le soir . Pour le petit déjeuner , rien à redire , c'est très bien servis , beaucoup de choix , personnel super serviable . Ce qui en gâche rien , c'est la magnifique vue sur le Nil et une partie du Caire . Pour le soir , le restaurant Libanais tient tous ces engagements . Une cuisine excellent , beaucoup de spécialités du Liban , cuisiné avec beaucoup de raffinement . Ayant voyagé au Liban , je retrouve toutes ces saveurs . Les serveurs et les cuisiniers se montre très serviable pour donner toutes les explications et pour nous proposer des mets incroyables . A recommander sans réserve .
المطعم موقعه جميل علي النيل . . . واكلهم طيب . . . والموظفين في قمة الاحترام
Good food , amazing buffet !
تجربة رائعة انصح به
So disappointed . The food and service did not corresponded with the price . I feel scammed . Stay away .
Not worthy of the 4 seasons brand , at all ! !
Great place with wonderful ambience , attentive service , and beautiful decoration . I visited for the New Year’s Eve buffet and was disappointed with the vegan options , which were mostly cold . There was perhaps one pasta as a hot option and a grilled pineapple for dessert . Considering it’s a five - star hotel and the vegan menu was priced the same as the meat menu , I expected more variety and creativity . Additionally , some guests were smoking in the hall , and the smell was unpleasant , which affected the overall experience . With a bit more attention to both the menu and the atmosphere , this could easily match the high standard expected from such a venue .
Un restaurant aflat intr - un loc scump si luxos , privelistea este minunata , spre Nil si hotelurile din jur , cu pretentii si staif . Servirea este corecta , chelnerii sunt rigizi si destul de neprietenosi , de altfel vineri este bufet deschis cu multe feluri de mancare pentru toate gusturile . Este scump si doar cu card se poate plati . In rest pot spune ca la acelasi pret sint si alte locuri in Cairo .
Best breakfast
Pendant nos 4 nuits au Four Seasons , nous sommes retournés deux fois dans ce restaurant tant nous avons été satisfaits . Avant tout , la vue sur le Nil est absolument spectaculaire . Installés près de la baie vitrée , on voit le fleuve d’un seul coup d’œil , et au moment du coucher de soleil l’ambiance change complètement : un vrai “spot vue” comme on les aime . Après une journée de visites , s’y poser ne serait - ce qu’un moment est déjà un vrai moment de détente . Côté cuisine , c’est une cuisine égyptienne à la fois savoureuse et légère , avec une sensation “healthy” . Beaucoup de fraîcheur : légumes , huile d’olive , légumineuses/céréales , grillades… Rien de trop lourd , l’assaisonnement reste équilibré , et on ressort avec l’impression d’avoir mangé un vrai bon repas , sans fatigue . Le choix est large , ce qui permet aussi de composer selon ses envies . Et le service mérite une mention spéciale . Mohamed a été remarquable : il explique le menu avec beaucoup de clarté , décrit les ingrédients et les saveurs avec précision , et ses recommandations sont vraiment pertinentes . En plus d’être très aimable , il sait mettre les clients à l’aise avec une grande élégance . On aimerait que ce niveau d’attention et de professionnalisme soit la référence partout . Je recommande vivement si vous voulez profiter d’un bon repas en prenant le temps , avec une vue magnifique sur le Nil , ou si vous cherchez une cuisine égyptienne plus “healthy” pendant votre séjour . Si je reviens au Caire , j’y retournerai sans hésiter .
MasyaAllah salah satu tempat pilihan untuk belanja haha
Not impressed . Pricey fairly used items .
حبيتها
: thumbs_up_light_skin_tone :
اجود ملابس
I have a question do they sell yarn here?
جيده
Used clothes for sale are there
Pizza is delicious , great vibes , good salep .
سيئ جدا اجواء غير مناسبة و جوده مفيش
متميزين ماشاء الله شكرا للتيم الرائع ببذل الجهد لراحتنا EMO_POS
A good place for you
Hi everyone , today i just came back from a trip of 4 days in Cairo . Very traumatic experience Firsly this hotel was booked by an agency that I trusted ( I didn't check it online and fully trust the agency ) . Since there is no other place to express my opinions about Cairo overall , I will explain the review for the hotel and then for the city . Our room - Didn't have air conditioner and i catch a cold - the hair dryer didn't function so I didn't wash my hair in four days - NO ONE ever came to change the towels , to put new toilet papers and shampoo ( we slept four days in the same sheets ) - The staff since we came didn't turn back 20$ from a payment that we did ( we have 100$ for a night cruise that normally they told us that costed 80$ ) online only 10 euros when we checked later - One of the receptionist offended me and told me I talk very bad : face_with_tears_of_joy : - The breakfast never came , we used to wait downstairs just to eat a pita , but two days we totally skip it because no one ever came in the morning Since I came ( after seeing online for problematic people in Egypt ) I ask the hotel about a guide , to be protected from the scam . We paid 110 EACH PER DAY ( 220 ) per day ! ! ! ! to do a guide ( that surprisingly lasted only til 14 : 00 o clock , and a lunch ( all you can eat ) . What can I say : loudly_crying_face : we went to piramind and someone was trying to sell us a scarf for 1 euro , the guide SAID NO , I will lead you to someone else she said ( I thought , oh ok maybe cheaper ) BUT WE PAID 15 PER SCARF EACH , deniitely she knew him This thing kept on going because she was taken her percentage , ohh and the camel ride 75€ crazy guys ( normally 20€ ) , and we couldnt even talk because we were too afraid Everytime we were trying to negotiate the price , she would talk with the seller in Arabian language to interact with him whether to lower or not the price , because she had her part of money So we were trying to avoid scams , but we buy the BIGGEST SCAM by ourselves They act like muslims and people of belief but they are pure evil with no feelings at all ! ! In the last day we asked to be taken to the cave church and they said no , so we took by our self Uber , JUST TO SEE HOW LITTLE THE RIDES COSTED . You might think ok then , I will always take Uber , NOO . Be careful , one of the Uber guys was very agrassive and always hitting the wheel because of the trafic . The only guy that seemed fine , mmubaed the drive of the guide that we paid , scammed as on the last day at the airport , the last moment he ASKED 1000 EGP , for a ride that normalyt cost 200 max . so guys , I'm really sorry , but I TOTALLY SUGGEST YOU TO AVOID EGYPT , ESPECIALLY CAIRO . THE STREETS ARE VERY DIRTY , A LOT OF CRAZY DRIVING you cannot even pass the street safely . The Egyptians I swear are very bad people , they don't see tourist as normal people but as walking walets . I swear they will . let you die if you are in need and don't give them money . If you realyy like the piramids and you are very passionate about them ( not me , so I absolutely regretted the trip ) book as little days as possible ( max 2 ) because you are really at risk for your life there . Did I mention there is rabies? Please guys avoid avoid avoid this place , go to Europe full of beautiful countries and a lot cheaper ( +2 million did I spent for 4 days ) . The second I came back to my county I kissed the floor , because some wars were going near by in jordian , Iran and there is a risk the future flights from cairo will be closed too . Avoid everything there guys , a lot of European country's with beautiful beaches and buildings and history . People in Europe help you for free , meanwhile there even when you pay they try to scam you .
فندق ماشاء الله تبارك الله خدمة ممتازة المسبح بالدور الثاني جميل والكافيه اللي بالروف تبارك الله فيو برج القاهرة ونهر النيل الافطار بالمطعم متنوع واحيانا كنت اطلب الافطار بالغرفة العاملين جزاهم الله خير ما يتاخروا عند طلب اي شئ كل الشكر للعامين وادارة الفندق علي حسن الضيافة
كل الخدمات في فندق انديانا ش عادل حسين رستم سيئه جدا خدمة الغرف جدا جدا سيئه تتكلم مع موظفي الاستقبال وتطلب تنضيف الغرفه مايتجاوبون الشاشه ماهي شغاله من وقت الدخول الي وقت المغادرة النت سئ جدا جدا جدا ما انصح في اي شخص يفكر انه يدخل هذا الفندق
Buena atención al cliente
فندق جميل ومريح وقريب من وسط البلد وقريب من جميع الخدمات والاستطاف متعاون والافطار ممتاز ومتنوع
ضيافة مميزة واستقبال رائع
Fantastic place
مطعم سئ و خدمة غير لطيفه
Food was ok - service not ! Waiters need training and to be more mindful of customer service . The molokheyya came very late ( after we had finished our food ) ; cold , and without the famous pouring show . We had a guest who wanted to see that in specific and we never got to . Far cry from the Alexandria branch we used to go to . When it was later suggested we go again - it was a definite no .
Egyptian food
الطلبات و الاطباق رائعة . ذهبت في رمضان لحضور حفل الافطار لشركتي . لم يعجبني لعدة اسباب ١ - ضيق المكان ٢ - الخدمة سيئة و غير منظمة ٣ - واضح جدا انه بسبب تحقيق اكبر مكاسب لم تهتم الادارة بتوفير اقل شيء مساحة لتسهيل الحركة
جالي تسمم ربنا ينتقم منكم ، لما تواصلت معاكم قولتولي مش بسببنا حسبي الله و نعم الوكيل . . محدش ياكل عندهم احتمال كبير بينزلوا اوردرات لحوم فاسدة
مصطفي متولي واحمد غريب وزياد تحفه وشغلهم حلو جدا
Very nice place , very nice atmosphere and staff Shisha Mostafa Metwaly Waiter Ahmed Gharib And Mr Ziad Very nice staff and excellent service
Mostafa metwally and Ahmed gharib , zaid shisha excellent
اخص بالذكر عمار اوسه علي خدمته المميزه وتفانيه في العمل ورحابت صدره
Thanks for the amazing shisha
الشيه حلوه جد بجد فتحي شخص محترم جدان ومستر عبد الكريم محترم جد
Mkan tohfa w ahla ramdan vibes Special thanks to ahmed mostaf
ضعيف جدا
Fathi was super nice and talented loved everything : growing_heart : : growing_heart : thanks for the great staff : growing_heart : : growing_heart : : growing_heart : : growing_heart :
معامله حلوه اوي والشيشه حلوه اوي . ومعامله فتحي كويسه جدا مستر عبد الكريم
الاستف جميل خصوصا عمار واحمد مصطفي والشيشة كانت حلوة اوي
Best Service Ammar , Ahmed Mostafa and Gamal
Argilla boy fathy is so god
Fathy . . . shisha is perfect
شكرا جدا لي استاذ فتحي بتاع الشيشه تحفه بجد
مكان جميل وممتاز
Great experience , thank you !
The food tasted awful , but the service was excellent and the view was wonderful .
It was very good experience
Manzarası etkileyiciydi ama yemekler için aynı şeyi söyleyemem , ayrıca Mısır için inanılmaz pahalı bir yer . Tatlılar çok kötüydü bu fiyatlara bu yemekler kabul edilemez
Low food quality comparing to the prices , the service isn’t good .
Fui al Revolving Restaurant con muchas ganas por la experiencia de las vistas , y hay que decir que el lugar es impresionante : girar lentamente mientras ves la ciudad y el Nilo es realmente único . En cuanto a la comida , la verdad es que es bastante normalita : nada espectacular y un poco por debajo de lo que esperaba por el precio . Otro detalle importante es que no sirven alcohol , algo que no me habían avisado y que puede ser un fallo si ibas con esa idea . El servicio es correcto , pero el conjunto deja sensación de que la experiencia depende más de las vistas que de la gastronomía . Ideal para disfrutar del panorama , pero no esperes una comida memorable .
Sehr schönes Lokal im 41 . Stock . Traumhafter Ausblick , perfekter Service und ausgezeichnete Steaks ! Sehr empfehlenswert !
The food was tasty and made with lots of experiance and passion , Service was more than perfect Mr . Safwat was serving our table and he did all the efforts to make our visit enjoyable . Atmoshere was very good only few comments about lights at the table as it becomes really dark with the ambiance blue light alsi the music is so clasic but needs to be more modern and suits the ages level visiting the resturant .
English not good to be at hilton plus the waiters looking was in rush , on top of that they give me first salad and then soup . . . in the end for one coffe i wait 30 minuts and was ordered one green thea and they give me black thea
ممتازين ماشاء الله : heart_suit :
Incroyable restaurant avec une vue à 360° sur le Nil . Super expérience , plats excellents et un service irréprochable qu’on ne retrouve plus forcément dans les grands hôtels / restaurants en France malheureusement . Un grand merci l’hôtesse d’accueil Inès et au serveur Mohammed pour avoir rendu ce moment encore plus fabuleux . Je recommande à 100%
Go for the view , not for the food . Try to stick to the small , appetizer like items . Overseasoned everything , overcooked duck , seabass that dis not look anything like seabass ( it wasn't bad thoug ) . No alcoholic beverages . The view is really amazing . . .
The food was not good , I couldn’t finish it , and very few options as well . The service was kinda slow too
Above all , the service was very poor . Despite having a reservation , we were told upon arrival that it was not in the list . While this may have been a communication error , the staff at the 40th - floor reception then told us that the restaurant was fully booked for the day . However , we were eventually allowed to enter , and throughout our stay , only about one - third of the seats were actually occupied . I never received a convincing explanation for this inconsistency . Furthermore , even though we were staying at the same hotel , we were told that charging the bill to our room was not possible and were strongly asked to pay on the spot . This was my first time experiencing such treatment at a Hilton - affiliated property , and it felt unacceptable for a hotel of this standard . The food was also disappointing . In particular , the ribeye steak was extremely tough , almost rubbery , and far from enjoyable . While the base prices themselves are not especially high , service charges and taxes are added , increasing the final bill by roughly 30% compared to the displayed prices . This may have been an oversight on my part , but at the very least , these additional charges were not clearly or prominently stated , so caution is advised . The only positive aspect was the view , which was excellent . That said , the blue lighting felt tasteless to me personally .
المكان رائع
One of the best places to visit in Cairo; the view is amazing
عملت عيد ميلاد زوجتي فيه كان فوق التوقعات من atmosphere لجودة الاكل والكمية الممتازة والسعر المناسب جدا مقارنة بالتجربة ! مطعم يلف بيك النيل تقريبا مرة ونص او اكتر مع لايف ميوزك هادي ومميز ، تجربة استثنائية : heart_suit :
Nice food , good environment and big portion for the course dinner . We were so so full
I used to go this classy restaurant , perfect for dating , with a very beautiful view of Cairo with Nile from above with 360 degrees revolving in 1 . 5 hours , Non alcohol , easy reservation no need to pay in advance , staff so decent and polite letting you enjoy your time
allora da dove inizio . . . , abbiamo soggiornato due notti . . . . . classificato come hotel a 4 stelle . . . . non capisco con quale criterio le sono state assegnate ! il nostro piano e le nostre camere vecchie , scarsa manutenzione ( piastrelle rotte , sanitari e rubinetti pieni di calcare ) finestre che non si chiudevano bene . pulizia no comment pensate che le camere non sono state pulite dopo la prima notte . . . non so se è normale in un 4 stelle ! . due stelle per la posizione e la disponibilità del personale . sconsigliato . . . . ora ho capito perchè la foto dell'hotel era in notturna
زباله في زباله سويت خروج الظهر ونسيت جوازي وفي الليل رجعت ادور عليه لقيته تحت البطانيه يعني لا غيروا الشرشف ولا البطانيه ولا اهتموا في نظافه الشقه ولا العميل ولا اهتموا في شي بس رجعوا البطانيه واجر علي واحد ثاني نظافه صفر حسبنا الله ونعم الوكيل
فندق مريح جدا ونضيف : thumbs_up_light_skin_tone :
موقع ممتاز وخدمات ممتازه هاذي ثاني مره لي تزل بالوتيل انصح في والموظفات تعاملهم جدا راقي وذوق
Il prezzo è troppo alto rispetto ad altri alberghi . Le camere non sono in buone condizioni e il livello di igiene è scarso . Il personale è molto disponibile , ma il costo non è proporzionato alla qualità offerta . Il ristorante offre una buona colazione , tuttavia il soffitto perdeva acqua sui divani a causa della pioggia del giorno precedente . Nel complesso , l’esperienza non è stata positiva : il prezzo non dovrebbe superare i 10 € a notte .
الفندق في مكان حيوي وحلو جدا صح الاثاث قديم بس المنطقة اللي انت فيها تعتبر مركزية وتحت في خدمات في ماركت ومطاعم اكلات سريعة وحاجات حلوة . عندهم نظافة يومية ينفع للشباب بحسب تجربتي وسعرة جميل جدا
افضل طعم الاكل راءع ونظيف جدا خدمة جيدة كابتن دعاء
فندق حلو جدا وبنات الاستقبال يار واستر اخلاقهم عالي جدا جدا
مطعم سيء جدا اتمني عدم التجربه وعدم احترام من الاسطف الموجود
اطيب شاورما بكل مصر : heart_hands_medium - light_skin_tone :
افضل شاورمه في اكتوبر والشيخ زايد
اكل جميل ومن الاضافات الجديدة شاورما لحمة وكانت مميزة جدا
الطعمية رائعة ولكن لا يوجد مكان جيد للجلوس خصوصا العائلي
Bad experience
الاكل جامد
اكلات شعبية ممتازة باسعار مناسبة للطبقةالمتوسطةو الاقل من المتوسطة
مكان سئ جدا فوق السئ كمان 3 اطباق فول 2 طبق بطاطس 4 طعميه محشيه اقوم احاسب يقولي 250 جنيه شويه نصابين
والله العظيم البيتزا طعمها زي الزفت وفاضيه جدا كلها طماطم المحل باظ خالص
اللي عملهم الفطير ظلمهم
الاكل كويس والاسعار مناسبه
حط بلوبيف بدل السجق و كان لونه احمر و شكله مش سجق خالص و الكيري مكنش باين طعمها اصلا الحلو اللي هو اصلا رخيص في عمايله حتي مش تعبانين فيه و اقل محل فطير جمبهم احسن منه بامانة
اول مره اجربه وصراحة صدمني ماتوقعت لذيذ ونظيف وكمية وسعر من المشاوي جميله والمقبلات روعه وختمتها بسويت روعه . . برافو انصح بشده وشكرا للاخ محمد شيكا علي السيرفس المضبوط : ok_hand :
اخذنا معسلات ومشروبات باردة
المكان مرتب ورايق جربت عندهم العصيرات وطبعا لذيذه وفرش والمعسل عندهم فنان جربت كذا مكان لكن دا احسن مكان انصحكم فيه اي احد يجي القاهره ويبغي معسل فنان يروح عندهم
Ali is the best , politely , friendly and professional .
كل تمام الخدمة فل الفل 100%
اسلوبهم سيء ، المكان غير نظيف ، الكنبات وسخه ، تعامل المدير غير لبق . .
للاسف الموظف اللي يستقبل الزباين في يوم ٢ . ٢ . ٢٠٢٦ في فتره النهار لا اسلوب ولا كلام من اول ما شافنا مدخل نفسه في كلامنا مع بعض . . الفلسفه الزايده يا ليت يبطلها . . . و بيجبرني اكل او اطلب و يقول معليش ده مطعم و كافيه مش للقعده اللي معايه جايه للشيشه وانا ما ابغي اطلب كنسلناو طلعنا الزبون برحته مو هو اللي يقرر عني اطلب او ما اطلب والحمد لله ما دفعت ريال واحد في هذا المكان
Petit déjeuner au calme en regardant passer les kayaks , vraiment agréable . Personnel absolument adorable . Bon expresso . ( Un peu dommage , le thé en sachet ) . Prix très raisonnables .
خدمة رائعة والاجواء ايضا جميلة
جميل علي النيل
ماشاء الله تبارك الرحمن لذيذ بشكل وخدمه والله دخلنا بالصدفه ولكن اختيار موفق واشكر استاذ خاطر ع اخلاقه موفقين
خدمه ممنازه شكرا هاجر وشروق والشيشه يوسف والصيني اسلوب راقي جدا
Tony was very nice . The food was great
تعامل دعاء كان راقي جدا ولطيفة وخدومة
ياحظ اهل مصر بالمكان التحفة دا ، اجواء رائعة اكل طعم الله يبارك لهم ، تحية من السعودية
من افضل الاماكن وبصراحة الاكل مره نظيف ولذيذ والخدمة ممتازه
المكان جميل محترمين جدا وتوني ويوسف احلي حاجه ف المكان EMO_POS EMO_POS
Locale veramente carino , sul Nilo . Servizio impeccabile . Tony cameriere molto professionale
الاكل لذيذ والمكان جميل والخدمه ممتازه وتعامل الاستاذ خاطر جدا جميل
God
كول سنتر مغصوب يشتغل
اتنصب عليا في الفلوس و مرجعتش
مطعم محترم جدا وخدمه علي اعلي مستوا
This is the worst food I have ever tried and i found half a lemon at a taamia sandwich and i found a weird thing at the fool sandwich I am really upset from the whole experience and I am not suggesting to try this restaurant ever .
غير موجود في اللوكيشن
Lovely restaurant and safe food . Staff is very helpful and willing to make you happy .
Tajori is a wonderful spot for anyone looking to experience authentic Egyptian cuisine , The restaurant offers a beautiful oriental atmosphere , with tasteful traditional décor and soft music that perfectly matches the experience . One of its biggest highlights is the view overlooking the Nile . . As for the food , the experience was excellent overall . The chicken yogurt fatta was outstanding . . honestly the best fatta I’ve ever had , and highly recommended . The mixed appetizers platter was generous and very enjoyable; the crispy roqaak was delicious , the mombar was excellent , and the stuffed vegetables " mahshy " were very good . However waraq enab was average . The eggplant with meat "messakaa " was rich and flavorful , the lentil soup ( Adas ) was very well prepared , A special mention goes to the freshly baked bread made in - house with butter warm , flavorful , and absolutely delicious . Service was another strong point . Mr Saleh , the restaurant manager , is extremely kind , welcoming , and professional , which adds a very personal and pleasant touch to the whole experience . Overall , I highly recommend Tajori for anyone looking for Egyptian oriental food & peaceful atmosphere .
Yerel mısır yemekleri var dolmaları mükemmel mix steak aldık 2 kişilik bizim 3 - 4 kişi yiyebilecek kadar geliyor
The best authentic Egyptian food . Hidden gem . I feel emotional here
A++Esta en la margen derecha del Nilo en el Cairo , buena comida yel precio no es bueno , es excelente relacion calidad precio de las mejores que he conocido comimos seis personas por 44€ : grinning_face : : grinning_face : : grinning_face : : grinning_face :
*Hidden gem* staff were really polite and nice , they gifted me a free dessert food was UNREAL and quickly prepared calm and not crowded - orderd shish tawooq meal
Delicious Egyptian food and amazing desserts ! The staff are absolutely marvelous . I highly recommend coming here while visiting Cairo !
Dziękujemy bardzo za dobór dań , opowieści o Egipcie i profesjonalną obsługę naszemu kelnerowi imieniem Mahommed
The food was amazing AND very cheap . I've been in Egypt for about 5 days now . This is the first time I've actually loved the food . It's a hidden gem . 10/10 would recommend !
Lovely Restaurant looking over the Nile . Food is impressive . Mainly Arab_Persian food . Very nicely decorrion inspired in Persian and Egyptian_Nubian style . The staff is very helpful , and the owner is great guy , really welcoming to tourist , he is very kind and it will help you to decide what to choose from the menu . Master of Hospitality . Honest and cheerful . The place is very quiet , clean , and has a great vibe with a beautifuñ view of Cairo and the Nile’s shore . You would lost sense of time just looking through the window with the Persian music playing on the background .
We had dinner here and absolutely loved it . Real egpican flavours . Everything was delicious and fresh . The owner was extremely nice and offered us dessert . Really reccomend this place for a tourist that wants good authentic food for a very cheap price ! ! : star - struck :
It was really nice to be there , food was fantastic and the personal great . Really recommeded if you visit the city . And also a really good price .
We visited on our trip to Cairo . Great environment , Wonderful food ! Great service ! ! ! Thank you !
Большие порции , вкуснык блюда , особенно tajen/tagine в разных вариациях . Интересный интерьер с видом на Нил . Приятное , ненавязчивое обслуживание . В конце внима ельно проверяйте чек , порой , могут внести не то или что - то лишнее . В конце ужина принесли комплимент сладости , что очень порадовало !
Comida egipciana muy buena con servicio amable !
Love the vibes & I highly recommend for Egyptian food it’s good : heart_suit :
Great as always
The food has a lovely homemade taste , and the portions are very generous . We had the cheese samosas and a mixed grill , both were delicious . As a kind gesture , we were also offered some complimentary sweets . However , we were charged additional taxes that we couldn’t understand . We were aware of the standard 14% VAT and 12% service charge in Egypt , but the charges on the bill ( photo attached ) did not match these rates . Also , the bill heading didn’t match the restaurant name . When we questioned the staff , no clear explanation was given and we were requested to pay in cash . After several attempts to understand the charges , we eventually gave up and left disappointed .
Ich empfehle auf jeden Fall dieses Restaurant und insbesondere die kleinen Metzes und Humus mit Zitrone , Okra der Tajini und das selbstgemachte Brot ( vom Chef selbst gebacken ) aus Assuan ist absolut einfach ein Geheimtipp . Viele vegane Optionen . Der Service war sehr freundlich und aufmerksam . Du musst hier einfach vorbei kommen . Ich komme auf jeden Fall .
Food is authentic oriental Egyption cuisine Mix grill and Musakha was good option . Flavour and quality was exceptional Grill chicken rice was not recommended because the chicken and rice was dry and to tasty Sheeshtawuk was exceptional taste; so great Mulookhiya don’t recommend Waraq Anab just an average taste Very spacious restaurant No busy at all; we were the only guest when we visit there; group of 6; but we waited almost 40minutes to come Neat and tidy Service need to improve much more If you want sit lavishly and enjoy oriental food this is the right place
It was nice experience and the food was very good . The provide us free of charge Basbousa and Konafa , It was nice from them . Their turkish coffee is recomanded , I advise to visit .
Nice restaurant food is very good and service as well
Affordable and good food They faked a show in which people pretend to give money away to the belly dancer to urge real visitors to do the same
Perfectly : smiling_face : : smiling_face :
Good vibes
Variety of night spots
يستحق التجربة
Great place for coffee lovers . Calm atmosphere and budget - friendly prices . A nice spot for a relaxed late - night coffee with friends . : hot_beverage :
Terrible espresso , It tasted burnt and very bad
The coffe is fine , but the serviceeis auful , the staff deals with us as we are slaves and there was a change for me but they didn't return it . For good coffe I can go to many other places where they deal politely with us .
Absolutely delicious coffee .
Coffee is so mediocre but good service
Prices are extremely overpriced and unrealistic , and do not reflect the real Egyptian market at all . There is a clear sense of tourist exploitation , with prices that are not transparent or fair compared to the actual value . This place needs more honest and consistent pricing to build trust , especially with visitors . Not recommended for anyone looking for real value .
Diğer yerlere göre daha pahalı
مركز اصبح قديم جدا وكثير محلات مقفلة
موجود فيه تقريبا كل ما تحتاجه العائله
جيد محلات ملابس باسعار جيدة
Good fabric store near the hotel with lots of options , but prices are bit high
Ya está muy vacío pero encontré el sitio que buscaba una tienda donde no te acosan
يعتبر مول رمسيس من المولات القديمة المشهور . المتوفر بها جميع انواع الشنط والاحذية النسائية والرجاليه . الاسعار مرتفع نوع ما عن باقي الاماكن .
ほぼ、モールのていをなしてない
The quality of food is perfect , and the staff is so gentle specially mohammad galal , thank you so much syriana EMO_POS
Everythinng is more thaann perffeect , the experience is absolute WOWW , special thankkss too Mohamedd galaall EMO_POS
Lovely first experience the food was delicious and the service is immaculate ! The food came in under 20 min which is rare Definitely won’t be the last time
بصراحة لذيذ جدا عرايس كبة مقلية مقبلات جاج مشوي كلو علي بعضو واو : hibiscus :
سحور جميل جدا
سحور جميل
EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
Great service and food
Abo noah best waiter
سحور رائع وابو نوح رشح عرض الشله جامد بنشكر اداره المطعم
الطعميه مليانه زيت و مفيش فتة حمص
مكان ممتاز والاكل رائع
Best service for syrian and arabian food i’ve ever tried Great service great prices and the place is really great Great overall experience Should try
very nice experience
Great experience here every time , All the servers Staff here are professional , well mannered very confident , To be honest , one of the best places for food in Shakih Zayed , Giza , , Egypt area , lots of options the Price varies on what you’d like to eat , but it starts today 60 egp and up It depends what you’re eating overall food is great fresh will made , I well recommend it . My favorite food I like for there since I’m very light eater is the Greek salad it’s a very big portion . It would be enough for two to share comfortably and the charcoal grilled half chicken with rice , but if you a heavy Eater than this place got you too you just gotta check the Menu for your option , but for real they have it for anybody live either have eater even kept for kids they have great options . Guys honestly , highly recommended , , there is a one server that worked on my last table his name is “ABU NOAH ‏ابو نوح” Great personality , ‏Confident , and knowledgeable in all menu Items and recommends you the best option to get depends on your interest , ask for him
الاكل ممتاز ، و الخدمه ممتازه خاصه ا ابو نوح
للاسف الاكل مو حلو . الكبة المشوية ابدا مو طيبة وحطوها باردة والدجاج الشواية للاسف فيه طعم زنخة
اول مطعم لا تقل جودته في شهر رمضان تنظيم ممتاز وشكر خاص لكل الستاف والاستاذ خالد علي تنظيمه الممتاذ
Delicious food but a little bit overpriced !
ميرسي جدا علي نضافة الاكل و الاستقبال و نضافة المكان
Special thanks for mina : folded_hands : : heart_suit :
Nice place and friendly people and good service I always come every month specially in Ramadan EMO_POS : smiling_face_with_hearts :
المكان كويس جدا ونضيف والاكل سخن والطعم مظبوط
المكان كويس جدا و الاكل جميل دايما بقالي اكتر من ٣ سنين باجي المكان و نفس الروح الحلوه في المكان
الفطار والقهوه كانوا حلوين والمكان نضيف
Very nice place EMO_POS
Nice place : ok_hand :
مكان جميل وهادي
Very good experience : thumbs_up_light_skin_tone : : grinning_face_with_big_eyes : Very friendly staff Clean place
ريحة المكان دخان خانق بشكل غريب . . والمكان مظلم بشكل مريب بردو دا غير انه بيقدم خمور
Very enjoyable evening , thank you
Zizo Thank you I love this place : star - struck :
Zizo is so awesome ! The atmosphere is really good ! ! !
Zizo Thank you Very nice place , chill and comfortable I love it : grinning_face :
Zizo Thank you It's so beautiful , very nice experience , I will come back many times .
I enjoyed the atmosphere , the music , the view and the food everything is just so good , wont be the last time
Very nice place and I want to thank Ahmed Kamal for his hospitality and accomodation
Cordon blu was really nice and steak salmon pasta was average . This was in Ramadan and we were abit late for iftar as well
Good hospitality from everyone especially Ahmed kamal and delicious food
Perfect place and good vibes : heart_suit : : heart_suit :
Amazing staff and perfect service : clapping_hands :
Restaurant agréable , en terrasse , cosy . Les plats sont copieux et bons , le service attentionné .
Sam was excellent ! This was a great experience !
The staff is amazing especially mr ahmed kamal was so kind and so friendly Thank you for day
Yemekler ve servis çok iyi , içki var
Muhteşem bir akşam yemeği yedik , yemekler çok güzeldi çok özenli hazırlanmıştı . Garsonumuz Zizob çok yardımcıydı ve çok kibardı . Tekrar geleceğiz , tavsiye ederim . Müzik dahil içerideki ortam ve gelen insanlarda çok kaliteliydi .
Great hospitality from Sameh and the staff thank you
My favorite Fettah
كان حلو زمان
Not as before . Less quality and not rich taste as it was
Nice food with fixed standards from the old days .
First time there I order 4 shawarma sandwiches to go . The meat is dry and you can hardly taste the meat from all the spices . Sauces mixed veggies . Soggy and tasteless . Just be aware .
اخر مره كان اكل سيئ جدا ولما بلغتهم مفيش استجابة خالص
المكان محتاج شوية شغل علي الاستاف بالاكتر
من المطاعم النظيفه
السعر متغالي فيه جدا
مطعم اسماك ممتاز جدا
احلي حاجه طاجن الجمبري
Great food and good atmosphere .
Thanks a lot for your caring
معظم الي احتاجته لقيته عندهم والي شغالين في المكان محترمين جدا
جيدة جدا
ذات جوده وخدمه رائعه
عشوائي
خدمه جيدة
ابتداء يحمل الزبون مصاريف السداد بالفيزا
Thanbyou Egypt EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
ممتاز . . . خدمة علي مستوي
مكان جميل اسعاره معقوله جدا
جيد ولكن المسيقي صاخبة
مكان جميل والخدمة ممتازة
Came one time and it was good . The following time the guy forgot my order for hours and insisted I pay for it before i left until i made a big deal about it . He also got my friends order wrong . 0/10 experience on my graduation day . If you want to celebrate a special occasion , 100% not worth it They also had a surprise charge of 500 entry that wasn’t there . Go to tipsy camel or any other maadi bar where service is decent and u get what u pay for .
Beautiful every time EMO_POS
Bistro , pub , and club . I absolutely love this place . The atmosphere , music , great and friendly staff , patrons , you will really enjoy Zulu .
Drinks were decent ! The cigarette smoke is completely unbearable . I actually got sick . I hate that they allow smoking inside of establishments in Egypt . There needs to be some type of open doors or ventilation system . For people that don’t smoke , it is very miserable .
Best dj's
Very nice atmosphere & great service .
Супер
A small club hidden in the street , it’s underground , a lot people come to sing here . You can have a lazy mood , and have fun here
Awesome spot , we went on Thursday which was Hip - Hop night ! DJ was on point , started commercial , played some pop/rnb for a bit then Egyptian tunes : fire : Staff working were mega helpful and friendly , mocktails were perfect; Zulu had a mega vibes , everyone was out fun : heart_hands_medium - dark_skin_tone :
Just horrible don’t go . They took forever for our food and it sucked . Just don’t go save your money and time .
Best bar in town for karaoke
Hey all ! ! As an Egyptian Canadian I was so excited to try something new ! My family ( grandparents , parents etc ) has been coming to this location for years ! ! ! The nicest Vibes + food + 1950s style ! ! We got kabab + kofta ! Since we are from out of the country we skipped the salad that it came with ! ! We loved the blast from the past — we opted to sit inside cause my family wanted it to feel like the good ol days but next time I would def sit outside and enjoy the Egyptian weather !
للاسف ضحكوا علينا ودبلوا السعر بطريقه مكشوفه وعيني عينك لما اكتشفوا اننا مش مصريين . . .
El - Fay B Kebab is a top - notch spot for lovers of authentic Egyptian kebabs . The meats are perfectly grilled , flavorful , and juicy , served in generous portions that leave you fully satisfied . The menu also offers a variety of traditional sides that complement the main dishes perfectly . The restaurant has a casual yet comfortable atmosphere , making it ideal for family meals or dining with friends . The staff are attentive and friendly , ensuring a smooth and enjoyable experience . With its combination of high - quality food , generous servings , and excellent service , El - Fay B Kebab stands out as one of the best choices for a hearty and delicious meal .
شكرا حسام
Пили здесь кофе , с нас за 2 чашки кофе хотели содрать 150 фунтов , это дороже чем в Макдональдс . Отвратительно , пока ты пьёшь кофе тебя задолбают попрошайки и продавцы всякого барахла , пластиковая изношенная грязная мебель и необоснованно завышенная цена . Меню нам так и не предоставили , нет нигде цен , придумывают из головы
مكان جميل وهادئ وانيق ومجهز علي اعلي مستوي من الرفاهية
It is neat and clean Budget friendly
Abdulwahab ensured that even the smallest details were flawless .
They canceled my reservation without any prior notice . Furthermore , upon arrival , I could see the place was in deplorable condition . It seems I didn't miss out on anything good at this hotel .
Very nice hotel rooms was very comfortable food was very tasty , service and location was excellent : ok_hand : EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS : hundred_points :
سيءجدا غرف غير نظيفه لا يوجد خدمه تعامل سيء
Ich kann dieses Hotel leider überhaupt nicht empfehlen . Wir hatten ein Zimmer im 8 . Stock ( Nr . 82 ) gebucht und mussten bereits nach einer Nacht abreisen , da wir im Bett Bettwanzen gefunden haben . Die Hygiene im Hotel lässt stark zu wünschen übrig – überall Staub und Schmutz , als ob seit Jahren nicht gründlich gereinigt wurde . Trotzdem wurden uns zwei Nächte berechnet , und von dem Betrag wurde zusätzlich die Steuer abgezogen . Als wir nach dem restlichen Geld fragten , hieß es nur : „Der Buchhalter ist nicht da“ . Seitdem wird die Rückzahlung ständig verschoben , mit neuen Ausreden jeden Tag . Sehr enttäuschende Erfahrung . Wenn Sie Ruhe , Sauberkeit und faire Behandlung erwarten , würde ich Ihnen raten , ein anderes Hotel zu wählen .
Great place very good food and the staff is amazing the manager ramez was very helpful
نايس الاداره جديده ممتازه مشاء الله
بجد الاداره جديده ظبطط مكان اووي مشاء الله ديما في تقدم
خدمه سيئة وتاخير ف الطلبات وادارة علي ادني مستوي
The staff were very rude and the service is terrible , the only good thing in the place was the food .
استاف جميل جدا بالذات ابراهيم الكابتن تحفة تحفة تحفة بجد انبسطنا و مش اخر مرة
Not clean at all , the menus are torn up . They take services and tax for 40% of the check , forced me to order more than what I needed . Never going there again .
The service and everything is A level service . . . . I love this place a lot . . . .
خدمه ممتازه صف جميل وخصوصا شهد
مكان جميل و الخدمة سريعه و الاكل طعمه و لا احلي و بالخصوص الاستقبال شهد
A classy cafe everything is good , from the service to the staff : white_heart :
اجواء جميلة
خدمه سيئه بطيئه والحمامات سيئه جدا في النضافه والخامات سفون لايوجد وشطاف لايوجد مكان ردئ جدا بالنسبه لموقعه المميز للاسف
Excellent modren shisha ( hooka ) lounge
مكان رائع جدا انصح الجميع في زيارته سرعة في الخدمه خدمة ممتازة
Great vibes
لا يوجد احد ولا يوجد موسيقي مكان كئيب
I go there every week for karaoke Love it
One of the best for the talented singers , musicians and actors to perform The vibes is amazing A very good recommendation You can check for them instagram page and have your reservation Not recommending the but its okay it is not main aim and drinks are good
احلي قص شعور بالدنيا : white_heart : : white_heart :
One of the best hair dressers . I have been a loyal customer for the past 7 years . Aly panda for color , aly big for treatment Taher for a hair cut ! The girls are also very good for mani padi ! Friendly staff ! ! !
افضل صالون في مصر : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts :
Very good experience with ziad and Youssef . Mahmoud is very sweet as wel did such a good job
حابه اشكر اول شي المدير فهمي علي التعامل الراقي والاستقبال الحلو حقيقي دخلت ونفسيتي تعبانه بسبب شعري بس ماقصر ودلعوني وخدمة اكتر من رائعه وحابه اشكر المتخصص حسام علي القصة الجميلة حقيقي بنات اي وحده تبغي تقص او تعدل قصه حسام يده شاطره مشاء الله مو اخر ولا اول مره باذن الله EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
شغلهم مرره حلو سويت صبغه عند علي بيه خيال وسشوار عند فادي وقص روعه واخلاقهم جدا عاليه EMO_POS
Super satisfied with the provided service , quick and professional staff !
I got a beautiful haircut and blow out by Peter .
Best salon in cairo they will provide king treatment , check out both mahmood and ramadan they are the G . O . A . T’s
Tomas mn ashtar el nas 2ly 3mlt sha3ry ma3ahom bgd w bgilo mn a5r el donia 3lshan e3mly sha3ry a7san el nas 2ly mwgodin fil salon
I had a great experience at this dental clinic . The place is very clean , and the doctors are amazing and really good at what they do . They always follow up with me and make sure everything is okay . I felt very comfortable there and I definitely recommend it !
I cannot recommend this practice highly enough . From the moment you get in contact with the dentists to discuss , it is clear that this clinic operates at the highest level of professionalism and expertise . What truly sets them apart is their team of outstanding specialists . They combine state - of - the - art dental technology with a level of precision that is rare to find . Beyond their technical skills , I was deeply impressed by the amount of time and individual attention they dedicate to their patients . I never felt rushed; instead , every procedure and option was explained with remarkable clarity and patience . It is refreshing to find a practice that prioritizes both clinical excellence and a genuine , patient - centered approach . If you are looking for dental care that is both sophisticated and compassionate , this is undoubtedly the place to go .
الدكاترة لطفاء جدا و يقومون بفهم المشكلة جيدا و يشرحون الحل بالتفصيل اثناء العلاج
شكرا لكل طاقم العمل في العيادة من اطباء و ممرضين وطاقم الاستقبال تعامل مهني بامتياز اطباء و ممرضين اكفاء : slightly_smiling_face : عملنا حشوات عادية وحشوات جذر وتلبيسات للاسنان بالاضافة الي تنضيف عميق للاسنان للعلم نحن اربعة اشخاص عملنا اسنانا في العيادة اثناء زيارتنا لمصر وطاقم العمل كان متعاون جدا في تسهيل المواعيد علينا والنظافة في العيادة عشرة من عشرة حقيقة تجربة ممتازة بكل المقاييس .
Honestly , I wanna thank the receptionist Omniya . She was really helpful , patient and had a positive attitude . Keep up the great work !
Very incompetent lazy employees with no consideration to the patients needs or condition . The receptionist Omneya never answers the phone on time . You will have to call them around 7 to 10 times first . Today i was in so much pain after root canal retreatment and i asked to speak to the emergency dr there . They told me she is not available today and spoke to Dr Amani . She was loud and rude claiming she is aware if my condition and i have to wait for another week with no oral antibiotic or pain killer since they never prescribed any . At this very moment , i have fever , my jaw is stiff and swollen my teeth feels pressured and in extreme pain that requires medical intervention for sure . I explained the latter to the receptionist , she became very loud herself and hung up on me . Bear in mind i already paid in advance for this procedure but will never go there again and i dont advise anyone to do that
I had a fantastic experience with White & Bright , truly a gem of a dental clinic . Everything from booking to the several procedures I got done went smoothly . First , the clinic is super clean and sterile and has a good feel to it . The entire team at the reception is so welcoming and helpful , and set the spirit for the clinic . Dr . Ahmed Al - Ayedi , and his entire team , is professional , knowledgeable , skilled and also very gentle in both the consultation and the procedures . As someone with dental phobia and have been delaying getting my dental work done , I feel grateful to have found this clinic that suited my dental needs but also my emotional ones . Finally , as someone who has had restoration , extraction , implant and gingivectomy done here , I cannot recommend it enough . Thank you to White & Bright Dental Clinic and the entire team , not one single unpleasant experience .
DR . Moataz is the best dentist ever The place offers great service and flexibility I have implanted 3 crowns and I'm happy and grateful to him
معاملة راقية ، وحرفية عالية
مكان مميز . . تعامل احترافي راقي . . جميع التخصصات . . اسعار متوسطة نسبيا . . خامات عالمية طبعا شكرا جزيلا دكتور معتز الشوبري : white_heart : : white_heart :
Dr . Moataz is an excellent dentist . Very professional , patient , and knowledgeable . He explains every step clearly and makes you feel comfortable throughout the treatment . I had a great experience and highly recommend him .
مكان ممتاز . . . مثالي لعلاج الاسنان . . . ودكتور معتز الشوبري . . . محترم وشاطر و عنده ضمير في شغله . . .
Very professional , friendly , and clean !
Thank you dr moataz
الخدمه رائعه جدا احمد هاشم ماشاءالله كان خدوم وسريع اتمني التوفيق للجميع EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS : face_with_tears_of_joy : EMO_POS
نجمة بس عشان التعليق اللي راح اكتبه مسوين نظام مدري من وين طالع لازم تطلب عشا حتي لو متعشي حرام فيكم الموقع علي النيل مع انه طالبين طلب يوصل ١٥٠٠ جنيه بالراحة لكن للاسف مشينا من المكان بسبب السياسة اللي مسوينها والتعامل من الطاقم جدا سيء وسوقي
مطعم وكفي علي النيل تقليدي وسعره غالي
This place is a jewel ! The sanitation and quality is high . We sat outside for getting some fresh air , there was a show inside for guests as well .
الاكل الطعم الاجواء العاملين كلهم : heart_hands : : heart_hands : : heart_hands : : heart_hands : : heart_hands : : heart_hands : انصح فيهم وبقوه : green_heart :
الاكل ممتاز والخدمه فوق التحفه واشكر كابتن فوزي علي مجهوده في المكان : star : : star : : star : : star : : star :
بجد مكان حلو اووي والاكل روعه شكرا جداا للطباخين علي متعه الاكل وشكرا كمان للكابتن فوزي علي خدمته الجميله ليا ولي اصدقائي
المكان مناسب جدا للعائلات وانصح جدا بيه ومن الذ الشخصيات الكابتن فوزي
Tank you Mohamed shehata
المكان جميل والخدمه روعه ١٠ من ١٠ وشكر خاص لمحمد شحاته علي حسن الضيافة
الطعام فاخر افضل مطعم اكلت فيه للامانة الاستقبال جيد دورة مياة النساء ( عليه ملاحظات لو عندك عائلة حصل موقف مع العاملة فيه ) الخدمة والموقع جميل للامانة الموظفة والموظف اللي خدمونا كانو في قمة الاحترافية والله شكرا
Amazing view of the Nilo river . The buffet food did not like me . Dessert was ok but they did not have fruit .
المكان محتاج اهتمام اكثر من كدا من المسؤلين لانه مكان تحفه تحفه وحرام الاهمال فيه
مستشفي ممتاز وخدمة رائعة من التمريض . جزاهم الله خيرا
الخدمة سيئة جدا وعملت شكوي والمفروض ان حد يتواصل معايا محدش عبرني والحمدلله اول واخر مرة اروح المستشفي دي
ممتاز قسم طوارئ الاطفال
خدمه ممتازه جدا جدا
I was in the icu for a week the nurses treated me like a friend , i felt love and support from every single one from the staff , thank u for everything
مستشفي ممتازه وخدمه ممتازه جدا
service is instant and doctor and nurse are professional , room is clean and tudy
اتوجه بالشكر والتقدير والاحترام للمستشفي والدكاترة واهتمامهم واتوجه بالشكر والتقدير بالاخص ندي ياسر ماركتينج عيادات بجد ندي ياسر قد ايه مخلصه في شغلها وذوق جدا واهتمامها بالمرضي انا بكتب الكومنت دا بناء علي تجربتي الحقيقه مع ندي ياسر انسانه محترمه وذو خلق جزاها الله خيرا انا صابرين ماضي زوجه دكتور سمير
EMO_POS The medical staff are exceptional—highly knowledgeable , clinically experienced , and genuinely patient - focused . They take the time to listen , explain , and ensure patients feel comfortable and well cared for . EMO_POS The facility is new , well - maintained , and equipped with modern medical technology , reflecting a strong commitment to quality and safety . I am proud of Tabarak Hospital’s staff and management for delivering such a professional , and world - class medical service in Egypt . بالتوفيق ان شاء الله : tulip :
مستشفي تبارك التجمع القاهرة الجديده اول مره ادخلها او اعرفها واتفاجئت بالخدمة والرعايا قبل وبعد العمليه بصراحة علي اعلي مستوي من طقم الدكاتره والتمريض والاشراف اول مره اشوف خدمة ذي كده في مصر قمة الذوق والاخلاق والابتسامة من اكبر شخصية في المكان الي المشرفين والامن الف شكر للادارة المستشفي علي النظام ونضافة المكان
Very clean and comfortable The stuff were very helpful
Worst medical service and very rude staff
اسوء تجربه ممكن الواحد يجربها ووجود تغيير فالاسعار اذا انت مش مصري
معقول ، الفول و الطعمية مش قد كدا
المعامله سيئه والاكل مكنش احسن حاجه وبجد اسوء تجربها جربتها ف حياتي منصحش بيه
المعامله سيئه جدا والاكل مش احسن حاجه والاسعار غاليه ع حاجه اصلا متستاهلش وبجد اسوء تجربه جربتها
The waiters were so rude . I told them about the poor hygiene at my table , but they did nothing about it . They also spoke to me in an arbitrary way . The fruit they used for the juice wasn’t fresh at all as the food too also , It was one of my worst experiences for real .
المكان هاد وجميل
Amazing place very clean and employees are super polite and helpful Shisha is also amazing Service was fast and on fleek
The caeser salad was ok , Pasta was so dry as you can see . the service was the worst and was kinda mean . every 10 minutes the waiter comes and checks if we've finished any dish and if so he takes it from the table while we're eating which is so uncomfortable and distracting . That's beside taking our serving plates and trays which is so mean and made no sense Worst experience ever .
المكان مش لذيذ خالص قعدته سخيفة وحر و overpriced بصراحة والخدمة اقل من العادية والمشروبات غالية جدا وطعمها يقرف بجد مش ده المتوقع من مكان بالاسعار دي
الاسعار مبالغ فيها و بيدفعوا خدمة و ضريبة ازيد من 26٪؜ مش زي اللي مكتوب في المنيو
خدمه حلوه وناس رايقه ومشاريب حلوه مجربتش الاكل
I went yesterday to the place to study for a bit and it was great the staff are so friendly and the food tastes great , special thanks to Mr Mohamed Ashraf
: heart_suit : : heart_suit : : heart_suit : : heart_suit :
Extremely unprofessional . Messaged for an appointment . I got there and then they told me
سويت اظافري عند نرمين تجنن البنت محترمة وشغلها رهيب : growing_heart : : growing_heart : : growing_heart :
I am currently in Cairo for study purposes , and as soon as I came across this beauty center’s profile on Instagram , I immediately knew it would be a high - quality place . This is the second time I’ve had a gel refill done , and I’m very satisfied . For me , it remains the best beauty center in all of Cairo .
سويت اظافري عند نرمين توحفة وشغلها نظيف وبشوشه اعيد التجربه عشانها EMO_POS
The service is phenomenal and everyone is so nice , and the outcome is even better than expected EMO_POS
اجمل lashes : heart_suit : : white_heart : : heart_suit : : white_heart :
Perfect Mashallah : star : : star : : star : : star : : star :
تسلم ايدج حبيبتي نيرمين علي شغل اكثر من روعه عرفت شنو ابي من غير ماتكلم
Amera did my nails exactly like what i want
سيء جدا وجرحوا حبيبتي تفو
Nails done by Dena
Nails done by Haneen : white_heart :
دينا اي لوف يو سو ماتش وشكرا علي شغلك الحلو حنان وهند احلي شغل تلاقونه عندهم محترفات شكرا شكرا طلعت وانا راضيه اتم الرضا : folded_hands_light_skin_tone : : heart_suit : : heart_suit : : heart_suit : : heart_suit : : heart_suit :
سويت اضافر عند اسراء شغلها يجنن EMO_POS EMO_POS
Nermien is the best one for the nails , ashtar w ahla w aktr had kwys fe nails w designs I recommend her EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
Gracia Dina ! Beautiful work : two_hearts :
So tasty
محدش لا يروح و لايطلب من الفرع دا . . من سئ الي اسوا . . اكل ملوش طعم و وصل ساعتين متاخر . .
Worset service , worset delivery time , worset customer service
مكان جميل وراقي وطعام فوق الممتاز
الاكل تحفة والنظافه ممتازة والسرفيز هايلة بجد من اجمل اماكن الاكل ف المعادي
اكل وجو كويسين . . والستاف برده تعامله كويس اسعار غالية شوية بس يستاهل
The great place
The best in the west : ok_hand : : ok_hand : : ok_hand :
One of my go to places in Zayed !
من احسن الاماكن في الروضه
I find relaxation and good time spending here
Very cool restaurant but the food was pretty average
French fries was good and sahlab also but the service very slow adham is good
كافيه جميل في شارع ٩
Good vibes , atmosphere , serviceand food , Staff very helpful and friendly Thanks for C/Omar
The place used to be very beautiful but recently it became very bad : - Very loud music - Too much noise that you can't even concentrate on social media browsing - Too much vape and shisha - A very strange policy that states that you can't order a drink without ordering a desert
افضل شيشه وتعامل ومكان ف المعادي : check_box_with_check : : check_box_with_check : : check_box_with_check :
Edit : Went for my 3rd time a week ago expecting the same , however I was met with a completely different experience . The menu was edited to unnecessary prices , the menu itself was cut down . The staff didn’t let me edit my order and change it , even though it was because i felt suddenly sick . Even the food i got was a bit dry . The music didn’t match the vibe and was loud beside the excessive shisha smoke everywhere . It’s a shame to find such a good place lose its spark . Most of the staff has been changed and the new people aren’t as welcoming as before . Went twice and will still go back again , awesome food taste and portion . The prices are very reasonable and the staff is friendly . Also very close to Maadi metro station so easy transportation
بسم الله ماشاء الله مكان جميل جدا : heart_suit : : heart_suit :
المكان جدا رائع والخدمه والاستف اكثر من رائع شكرا لكم
اليوم الجمعة ١٢ ديسمبر طلبت اورد من عندهم ومن ضمنه بيض ولكنهم ارسلوا لي بيض للاسف منتهي صلاحيته تاريخ انتاجه 22 نوفمبر اي مضي علي انتاجه 20 يوم ومدة الصلاحية المكتوبه من الشركة المنتجة علي الكرتونة هي 21 يوم فقط ولولا اني انتبهت الي تاريخ الصلاحية كان ممكن ان تتاذي صحة اسرتي واتصلت بالمندوب وطلبت منه ارجاعه او استبداله بمنتج جديد لايتعدي علي انتاجه اكثر من ثلاثة ايام وبعدها اتصل بي مسؤول وابلغني انه سيرسل مندوب بعد ساعة ولكن مرت اكتر من 4 ساعات ففمت باعادة الاتصال بهم وقدمت شكوي عبر الهاتف فاتصل بي المسؤول مرة اخري وتحدث معي بشكل غير لائق وزعل جدا لاني قلت له ان ذلك يعرضني ويعرض العملاء لمشاكل صحية ولولا تقديري للماركت كنت حررت محضر بالشرطة فما كان منه ان احتد في كلامه وقال بتحدي اعمل محضر وانا مش هاابعت المندوب وانا اتقدم الي ادارة الماركت بشكوي رسمية ضد هذا المسؤول الذي يعرض صحة العملاء للخطر ويسيء الي سمعة المتجر الذي نقدمه ونتعامل معه لهذا اتقدم بشكوي الي ادارة المتجر رقم الاوردر 5632150
جميلة جدا
منتهي العبث ومعظم المنتجات غير متوفره كميه حشرات ونموس منتهي القذارة واسعار الخضار مبالغ فيها 3اضعاف اي مكان تاني تعامل العاملين منتهي البرود فرع المحكمه لاانصح احد ان يجرب تجربه سيئه للغايه
اشتريت المانغو من عندون ب ٢٥٠ وكان بمارفور ب ٨٠
Very bad customer service . . more expensive goods than nearby supermarkts . Employees seems not well trained to deal with customers . . . always stressed and show anger at customers . I will never buy from any more . . . tried to contact the owner however there is no numbers allowed for filling complains . . very unprofessional manager ( his name is Moaze ) at Elmahkama eltagamoaa elkhames .
معامله سيءه في الداخل
اسعار متوسطة
اسعار مناسبه للمكان
Unfortunately , my experience was too bad . I ordered a Burger sandwich , but the meat had a strong gamey smell and didn’t taste fresh at all . The flavor was really unpleasant and the overall quality of the beef wasn’t great . Honestly , the sandwich was very disappointing and far below expectations . This was at District 5 branch
The burgers were beyond amazing but fries weren’t my fave part . But then again the burgers are not my absolute favorite now
Patty melt with extra mushroom was heaven
Very overpriced for the size and taste EMO_NEG
Thank you Omar Nagy for the great service
A wonderful restaurant with excellent service , delicious food , and staff who are extremely polite and respectful .
It was so delicious food and perfect service And beautiful decorations
Great food and service
Really good food would recommend
Tasty and friendly !
Cool vibes . Consistent quality Very friendly staff
بصراحه المستشفي كتر حلوه وممتاز يبدا من الاستقبال الي فريق التمريض و الحسابات شكر خاص لدكتور مجدي الشربيني دكتور عمرو دكتور اشرف وشكرا خاص لي دكتور محمد ابوالناصر%%% بنصاح الجميع
شكرا جزيلا لطاقم الطبي وتمريض الدور الثاني ما حد قصر ف شئ
تجربه جيدة
زيرو تعقيم و مش كلهم شاطرين في العناية المركزة فالافضل لو حالتك صعبة تروح مكان تاني
شكر لطاقم الطبي والتمريض الدور الرابع
شكر خاص لطاقم الطبي
خدمه تمريض ممتازه
شكر خاص لطاقم الطبي وتمريض الدور السادس
اكل معفن ولا بروست ولا نظافه
Unpleasant food and service
Staff there are highly professionals and polite
I personally love it , mna'eesh prices are usually so high but this place has actually reasonable prices and I personally like the taste . I'm so sad its closed now . . . but I did find that the same Chef now works at Al - Agha الاغا . He happens to be the one whovmakes مناقيش mana'esh there as well .
Nice syrian place but not in summer as they don't use air conditioning , they recently had a heavy price hike , for a sidewalk restaurant it's a little expensive
I love it
: smiling_face_with_open_hands : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : drooling_face :
Good portions and service
البطاطس تحفه
تتبيلة شاورمة تحفة ماشاءالله
اصل الاكل السوري . . واحلي مناقيش سوري متنوعة جدا لمحبي الفراخ او النباتيين لكن لا يوجد لحوم
콜라와 환상의 조합
Overpriced
Love this place , nice pastas and good service & portions .
Shady is a completely unprofessional dude handling the phone . And your quality is shit right now . You used to be my fav pasta place now i wont even step foot there again . Arrogance and bad customer service .
Perfect food Perfect hostility Super perfect overall Thank you
The food was phenomenal especially the diana pasta : ok_hand : : ok_hand : : ok_hand :
More than amazing
A very nice and friendly staff , the food cooked and served with love EMO_POS EMO_POS
Top 3 pizza restaurants in Egypt . This is by far the best pizza I’ve ever tried . Every plate was unique and flavorful . The owner was very kind and helpful .
Best of the best
مكان جميل بصحابه .
The food was so soo good and the service was top notch
I had an amazing experience at this restaurant , the food was amazing and got prepared very fast ( less than 20 mins ) The staff were friendly and even the owner is always there and is very welcoming .
amazing food and service one of my favorite spots ! !
Very overrated and overpriced for the quality . Everything is overwhelmingly garlicky to the point that you can’t taste any other flavors , and you won’t stop burping afterward . The shrimp pasta barely had any shrimp ( around five pieces ) for a large plate that costs 350+?? The seafood on the pizza wasn’t fresh; it tasted like a frozen seafood mix . Honestly , I feel scammed by the TikTok hype . The mushroom soup was good , but the stuffed mushrooms weren’t worth it at all , and were also very overpriced .
Excellent restaurant , great food and very friendly staff .
It was very good experience , the food is very delicious I really impressed by the quality of food and hospitality , red sauce pasta was very tasty
The details is so good and service is another whole level the food and the Hawaiian pizza is the best and they open the door for nahh bro the place to eat is vitorios pizza is the best with your relatives
Special Thanks Demiana She have beautiful face and smile
Best choice for open buffet breakfast
All good . . . . enjoyed breakfast
Very nice staff and good breakfast . Meatballs are very tasty
كل حاجه كانت تمام
خدمة ممتازة وطاقم عمل ممتاز
Here I am again with another set of experiences at Holiday Inn Cairo . Demiana and team ( Mohaimen , Mohammad Hashem ) have been above par for extending personlaozwd service today at breakfast table . Sevices lik ethese make an establishment worth remembering .
Amazing experience at breakfast Food variety n quality very good and staff amazing cooperative taking care of your every little need Special thanks to Madonna , Nour , Samar and demiana and menna
الخدمه كويسه جدا واحب اشكر الجميع جدا جدا جدا
Excellent holiday in
تجربه ممتعه جدا كل الشكر والتقدير والاحترام للموظفين جميعا EMO_POS
تجربه فوق الممتاز فعلا والمطعم جميل والاكل فوق الممتاز
It is ok
I ate here every morning . The food is absolutely amazing . They even had real honeycomb you could make part of your breakfast . There was strawberry juice , orange , guava , and even detox water which I drank mostly . This buffet is located right at the City Stars Mall and inside the Holiday hotel . Highly recommend for a filling meal !
Otel altında bir yer yiyecekler güzel masa ve hizmet ücreti extra alınıyor bilginize
الاسعار محتاجة تتراجع
غالي ع الفاضي اي طبق ب 50ج وبينزل في الاول شويه حبشتكنات زي مقلي يعني ب 150ج طبق بطاطس وطبق طحينه وطبق جبنه وجماعا مبرشمين 500ج في اكلت فول
One star is more than enough for what we have experienced . Cold food , snail service , not clean food , bad attitude and the list goes on . If you want to wsste your money just go there and you will have fun .
Very normal , the time you spend going there is not worth it , you can eat better quality in many places around you , unless you are going there for the eating street experience and vibe of street food , but otherwise no need to go there , this is my humble opinion .
I had the 1st Suhour with my love EMO_POS
I wanted to stop here before leaving Egypt . Being hungry and short on time I just payed the 250 pounds they charged me , but I was definitely ripped off . The staff does not speak English . The food was good but nothing unforgettable - I've had much better stuff for a much cheaper price in Cairo . The area is beautiful , but the place itself dirty and just on the street . . . if you're okay with this , I guess you can just go for it .
Food was really good and the owner is very sweet . Atmosphere is also authentic . The only reason why it is 4 stars was the final price as I got the feeling he overcharged us because we are tourists . Even with the overcharging it was still around 5 EUR for 2 people .
الصحون والطاولات غير نظيفة
فول التش بتاع التسعينات في جاردن سيتي حاليا اولاد محروس جامد وعلي وضعه جرب ، : heart_with_ribbon : : party_popper : : party_popper : : hundred_points : : heart_with_ribbon : : face_blowing_a_kiss :
Used to be way better . Fool ( beans ) was very saucy , actual beans were very few Falafel . . not green on the inside , which means that they substituted greens ( khodra ) with bread and alike , which made it verry oily and not tasty at all , as if yr eating fried bread Tehina has nothing to do with tehina . . doesnt taste or look like tehina at all . The fries were too oily Overall experience is below average . . will think twice before returning back there !
Great road side spot with delicious vegetarian options . We let the server advise us what to get and he brought us lots of plates of falafel , a bean soup , egg salad , tahini , pickles , salad , home style fries and potato chips . Was great value and one of our favourite meals of the trip
Great hole in a Wall Street food restaurant - I just had a great cheap falafel , not sure the rest would have been as yummy
All this and a tea for a nice crisp December morning before exploring the city . I sat down and the proprietor came to me . Egg , beans , falafel , fries , say yes to it all . Will return .
احلي طبق فول
لا يوجد احد ياتي ل اخذ طلبيتك الطاولات غير نظيفة يجب ان تخبرهم بتنظيف الطاولات غير مهتمين للعميل
I used to go to this gym before Coronavirus hit , it was always clean , there was towels everywhere you can use while training so no machine had sweat from other people , there was also towels to use while showering . Although Jacuzzi was not clean , It was never clean at all . People should shower after working out and before going to the Jacuzzi but unfortunately very few who did that . And when I complained about it , they said there’s nothing to do . But could’ve at least changed the water of Jacuzzi everyday at least . I also didn’t like the way they overpriced personal trainers , I remember it used to cost as much as a full year membership in the gym . Although people themselves were nice , polite and friendly . Same as coaches as well . I also didn’t like the loud music they used 24x7 . Sometimes a complete silence is good or low volume . Everyone brings their own headphones anyway so I don’t see why it’s an issue . Parking there is hard too
So bad no recovery for under 16
One of the best gyms I’ve ever trained at ! The place is super clean , well - organized , and the equipment is all in great condition . The staff are incredibly welcoming and always ready to help , whether it’s with form , machines , or workout tips . I love the atmosphere — everyone’s focused , respectful , and it really motivates you to push harder . Classes are well structured , the music is on point , and the whole vibe makes you actually enjoy coming to the gym . Definitely recommended for anyone serious about their fitness !
My second home
Very disappointing experience with this place . The entire staff including the agents and the manager at reception are extremely unprofessional and irresponsible . They constantly repeat the phrase “It’s not our fault” instead of taking accountability , which is completely unacceptable for a service - oriented business . They lack attention to detail and customer care , and it’s clear they need serious training in professionalism and communication . I also had a serious issue where I lost two weeks of my paid subscription due to a system error and the staff’s lack of responsibility . Even after following up and escalating several times , they only offered me 2–3 invitations and then just one week , while my actual right was 18 full days ( 2 weeks as per their system ) . This is completely unfair and unprofessional . I’m taking this matter to حماية المستهلك ( Consumer Protection ) , and I’ll make sure my experience is shared everywhere so others are aware of how poorly customers are treated here . Smart Gym is losing customers because of this management and attitude , and if things don’t change soon , it will definitely harm their reputation and success over time . اسوا تجربة ممكن تتخيلوها ! EMO_NEG الموظفين ومدير الاستقبال مش مسؤولين خالص ، وكل شوية يقولوا "مش غلطتنا" كانها شماعة ! بسبب اهمالهم خسرت اسبوعين من اشتراكي المدفوع ، وبعد تصعيد ومتابعة طويلة عرضوا عليا اسبوع واحد بس ! بصراحة مكان غير محترف ، وهقدم شكوي لحماية المستهلك وهشارك التجربة دي علشان الناس تعرف تتجنبهم .
Sve je bilo odlicno . Jako su usluzni . Posebno bih pohvalila kuvara . Sprema odlicnu hranu , a kafa je vrhunska . EMO_POS
I stayed for 3 nights in January 2026 at Nile Boutique Guardian Hotel in Cairo and had a wonderful experience . The hotel staff is extremely friendly and truly offers great hospitality . A special thanks to Raniaa the reception , who kindly upgraded me free of cost to a room with an amazing view of the Nile River — it made my stay extra special . The breakfast was delicious with a wide variety of options , including Continental , Asian , Mediterranean , and of course authentic Egyptian dishes . Chef Hossam and Chef Hani were amazing , very friendly , and made the dining experience even better . Overall , I had a very comfortable and memorable stay . I will definitely be coming back to this hotel soon and highly recommend it to anyone visiting Cairo .
I booked a 4 - night stay . I arrived after midnight and was shocked to find the room extremely dirty and unacceptable . Due to the level of uncleanliness , I could not stay there . ||I requested to cancel the booking and even suggested paying for one night only instead of the full four nights , as a reasonable compromise . Unfortunately , the management refused . ||I was given only two unacceptable options : either wait a few hours until morning and then leave while still being charged for the full stay , or continue the entire stay despite the filthy conditions . ||This response was extremely unprofessional and disrespectful . Cleanliness is the most basic standard of hospitality , and the way this situation was handled was very disappointing .
مساء الخير في الحقيقة الي في الاستقبال كويسين شهادة حق البوفية عندهم مايستاهل ريال وغص عليك تدفعه من قيمة الحجز الله يديم النعمه العمارة قديمة ومدخل وصخ جدا اذا بتستاجر فيه احلم انك تمام اخذت يومين عذاب روايح كريهه بالاصنصير توبه
Best and most kindfull stuff . Magnificent view . U gonna love staying there
بنتي فين يا ابو يارا ؟ اتقي الله وسيت البنت كفايه اللي ربنا بيوريهولك في حياتك ياريت نتعظ
I had very bad experience with this hospital . My child was admitted to the PICU , the care was excellent the first day , but the service was very slow , nobody would answer my questions or look at my son . The doctor would do the regular round in the morning and refused to discharge us enough though there was no treatment . We eventually left the hospital without permission from the doc
الدكتور اسمه وليد عاطف محمود عليان محدش يروحله ولا يروح المستشفي الدكتور الجراح قال لجوزي هتعمل عملية بتخدير كامل هتتكلف ٩٠ جنية عشان ( ضفر غائر ) وطالب منه تحاليل كتير
اسوء و اقذر مستشفي ف القاهرة متقدرش تحدد هي حكومة ولا خاصة بل انها اسوء من المستشفيات الحكومة زي منشية البكري القريبة منها والله انضف منها من اول الموظفين في الريسبشن اللي بيتخانقو مع بعض علي البريك و الاجازات وقدام المرضي ولا الممرضين اللي بيتعاملو بتكبر وتعالي علي المرضي كانهم شغالين في سنتر دروس خصوصية مش مستشفي خاصة ولا الدكاترة اللي حرفيا عايزين دكاترة قسما بالله بروحها بسبب التامين وبطلت اروحها وهروح مشوار للهرم ارحم و اهون من التعامل مع المستشفي دي مجرد دخولها بيجيب اكتئاب ولا انصح بها اطلاقا
مستشفي شيك ونظيفة وفيها اهتمام بالمريض
دخلت زوجتي لعمل عمليه لشيل الرحم اربع ايام ما رضيوش يخرجوها وكل يوم يقولو شاكين في جلطه قلبيه ويعملو اشعه وتحاليل شويه لا اصل شاكين في جلطه علي الرئه ولازم تطلع بعربه اسعاف لعمل اشعه بره اربع ايام بهدله واليوم الخامس دخلوها العمليات تاني بدون اي تبرير دخلت اكتر من 6 ساعات طلعت فاتحه بطنها بالطول وبالعرض ويعدها قعدنا في المستشفي اكتر من 10 ايام ممنوع عنها الاكل والشرب طلعنا كنا مسافرين لاني اعمل بالخارج يا دوب سافرنا والجرح فتح وبقا بينزل مباه من كل مكان لمده شهر علي ما قدرو الدكاتره يعملو عمليه تانيه علشان يصححو عمليتهم وللان لا يوجد اي تبرير لا لسبب دخول العمليه التانيه ولا لفشلهم في العمليه الاولي ولكن اللهم لك الحمد هي ماتت وربنا سبحانه وتعالي حياها من اول وجديد
من افضل المستشفيات في مصر ، في تقديم الخدمه الصحيه
Thanks for this great hospital with great staff that was great and they was helpful with my daughter and always asking me if there is any issues Also great thanks to Miss Wessam from public relations team she was so helpful also Thanks Ganzori team EMO_POS EMO_POS
دكتور ابراهيم الجنزوري اشطر الدكاترة
非常古老的飯店，聽說已經有90年的歷史，飯店內掛滿了歷史照片，但可惜的是房間內的設施也是有年紀的，非常老舊，使用時可能要小心一點；飯店地點不錯，出門就是商品街與地鐵站，吃買東西與交通都方便，逛街也方便，喜歡有歷史的人是不錯的選擇
موقع جيد لاكن المكان ضعيف اوي
ممتاز وخدمة غرف جيدة
El hotel es toda una experiencia . Para bien y para mal . La recepción esta abierta toda la noche y son atentos , bien . Las habitaciones , pese a tener muchos años , tienen unos acabados muy pintorescos e interesantes . Muebles de colección por todo el hotel . Pero , también tiene olores un tanto extraños y las instalaciones precisan de una renovación más pronto que tarde . La terraza del ático está muy bien , salvo la musica que la tienen demasiado fuerte . Para mi lo peor fue con diferencia el desayuno . Tardaron más de media hora en prepararlo , y no entiendo el porqué . Me explico , el café de polvo soluble , queso con pepino ( muy seco de nevera ) , y lo más increíble fue una rebanada de bizcocho más seco y rancio que sacado de una tumba de Giza . Poe cierto , si necesitas Internet fiable aquí no lo hay . Por lo demás el personal es correcto y amable .
Really cool spot , AC in the room was great , doorman was really helpful getting us cabs . Front desk was very friendly , the free breakfast was awesome . Absolutely order the Egyptian one .
入国初日、深夜についたためか、ドアマンに部屋まで荷物を運んでもらったらチップを100ポンド要求されました。相場なのかはわかりません。日本人だからかもしれません。 金曜の夜ため、外は結構賑やかでした。耳栓をして寝ましたが、異国の雰囲気を感じられたのでストレスにはならなかったです。 ルーフトップのレストランを朝食、夕食で利用しましたがおいしかったです。気持ちの良い眺めでした。夕食はポンドでもカードでも払えました。2人で4 - 5品頼んで食べきれないくらいでした。3000円くらいです。 次の日の朝食をBOXにできないか頼んだところ、早朝でしたが引き受けてくれました。
Hôtels 3 étoiles avec un service d’un 5 étoiles . Tout le personnel est au petit soins . L’hôtel avec son cachet des années 30 est très bien conserver et vous donner l’impression de voyage dans le temps . Les chambres sont propres et spacieuses , et l’emplacement est IDÉAL si on veut se balader de jour comme de nuit . Je recommande cet hôtel sans hésiter : heart_hands_medium - light_skin_tone :
Worst place ever . Staff are incompetent and reservation team is so unprofessional . Each one answering the phone works individually . I called in the morning to reserve beforehand and when calling before the reservation to confirm suddenly everything changes , no reservation beforehand , minimum starts to appear , there is no room and no one called ! The person responsible for night shift reservations is extremely impolite and unprofessional , changes everything last minute and is extremely rude . Never going there again place is not even worth the trouble
Awesome Value/Money Hotel . - staff was super professional and trustworthy ( Super important as a tourist ! ) - rooftop Restaurant has a relaxed , retro vibe . You could enjoy hours in it . - breakfast other dishes of the menu are really good . - area is busy , but not shady . I liked it . - room is clean with aircon - hotel seems worn out , but still lovely
Die Dachterrasse mit dem internationalen Publikum ist sehr zu empfehlen , wenn man einmal dem Trubel unten entkommen will . Sehr gediegene Atmosphäre , Preise europäisch !
The food was goid . Service very slow and disorganized especially for an iftar in ramadan . Forgot one order completely . Place is too small for the number of tables . Greed should have a limit .
Greater Lebanese food . Service is amazing .
The taste is amazing Thank you
Nice Lebanese restaurant , with good atmosphere and nice food . The place is somewhat quiet with good music which allows you to talk easily while enjoying your meal . Their dessert tasted really good and wasn’t too sweet . Service is great and fast .
الاكل سئ للغاية والاسعار مبالغ فيها ولاانصح بالتعامل معهم
Food was amazing will definitely be there again
Lovely Lebanese food . Atmosphere is good and the waiters are fast .
Sehr gute , libanesische Küche . Man bekommt die typischen Gerichte . Es hat uns alles sehr gut geschmeckt . Die Mitarbeiter waren sehr freundlich . Das Preis - Leistungs - Verhältnis war gut .
I absolutely love this place The chicken Fatteh is addictive Hummus with meat and Fatoush are so good You also have to try the kafte pan with pomegranate
: diamond_suit : الايجابيات : المشاوي لذيدة ومافيها زنخة الخضروات السويتية ممتازة شوربة الدجاج بالكريمة ممتازة الحمص جيد الشاي ممتاز جدا الحو العام للمطعم ممتاز الموظفين مهنيين : diamond_suit : السلبيات : لا يوجد جلسات خارجية سوي جلسة واحدة الموظفين غير بشوشين ولا يردون علي الشكر اثناء الخدمة تشعر انه غاضب او كانه لا يريدك بالتالي لا يحفزك علي العودة مجددا كشخص
They serve the best Lebanese food , and I absolutely love it . The customer service is excellent , making it a highly recommended place to dine .
Friendly service that was also very fast . The food was so good ! ! ! Can’t wait to go back and try more there !
Ordered grilled lamb but got quail instead . I made it very clear what I wanted . There were no apologies . They just said that they didn’t have any lamb so they gave me something else without even asking me if that was ok . This is the second Lebanese restaurant in maadi that did not give me the lamb that I ordered . Beware of that .
Al Dayaa has always been more than just a restaurant for our family , it’s been a second home for years . The cozy atmosphere , especially on the second floor , made it the perfect spot for our big family gatherings , where we shared countless wonderful memories together . Even today , I still enjoy going there with my kids , and it feels just as special . The food is always delicious , the songs bring back beautiful memories , and the overall vibe is warm and welcoming . A place that holds both tradition and heart , truly timeless : smiling_face_with_hearts :
التاريخ كله
لو في اقل من ١ كنت هديهم و الله ، اسوء مستشفي و اسوء خدمة الفلوس اهم من اي حاجة حتي لو هتيجي علي صحة المريض او لو هيموت حتي و يا ريتهم بيقدموا خدمة تستاهل
Good hospital to be at . Fair rates .
اهمال من التمريض في الغرف و اهمال اقل بشئ بسيط في الرعاية و الدكتور النائب صغير و غير كفائه و ينسي يكتب الدواء للمرضي و عندو برد يخش علي مرضي القلب بدون كمامه و مناخيره نازله وبدون خبره في التعامل صراحه فيها من المستشفيات الحكومي مع انها غاليه جدا و ياخدو منك ٦٠الف او ٤٠الف فوق الحساب
مستوي الاطباء اهم حاجه الحمدلله عالي جدا
مكان موثوق به وبه طوارئ جميع التخصصات
طلبت مناقيش كانت حلوه
الاكل ممتاز
It's fine , place is empty and dull most of the time , great food tho
حقيقي مطعم تحفه و الخدمه تحفه و الاكل تحفه عشره من عشره والله EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS : heart_suit :
Nice cafe within the Marriott hotel , nice vibes especially in the evening , with good variety of drinks . The prices are expectedly high in comparison with other options in the city , the drinks were nothing special , the crème brûlée was good , the atmosphere was lovely , and they offer music show in the evening . The service was a bit lacking and not great , but overall a decent experience .
المكان خيالي ولكن الخدمه بطيئه وعادي يحطون اي شي بالطاوله مو يهمهم المنظر
Це справжній оазис посеред гоміру та хаосу міста . Дуже приємне місце . Досить смачно , але обʼєктивно важко оцінити страви , бо був дуже голодний . Гарний сервіс , але термінал оплати чекав дуже довго . Ціни високі і додатково ще податки
No se podía pagar con tarjeta de crédito
So bad service so rude staff So bad experiance
مطعم جميل في حديقة الفندق جربت البسبوسة ممتازه جدا اشكر الاستاذ احمد بدوي _ والاستاذه ديينا : folded_hands :
Muy lindo
It’s hard to find an empty table . We came in the evening , we drank hot chocolate it was made the traditional way , old is gold , the way our mum used to do when we were kids : ’ ) For the Black Forest cake its taste was light and the cherry sauce added to it !
Horrible service ! !
i’ve never seen such a HORRIBLE service like thiss beforee ! ! this places used to be my fav but there’s a huge downgrade in the service and even the food
The service is nice but you need to call them . mamy times . This is a hotel that must to have a better service But they garden is super cute . . you can forget where you are
مميز
من افضل الفنادق والمطاعم في مصر والخدمة ممتازة اشكرهم علي حسن الاستقبال
It saddens me to leave such a review for what used to be my favourite place . Unfortunately , the experience has changed . The staff seemed overwhelmed and under pressure , which affected the level of service . The food quality was disappointing , small portions , lacking in flavour , and overall poor value for money . Even the coffee , which I used to love , was bitter . It’s truly disheartening to see this decline .
Good place but full of heavy smokers with no place for nonsmokers . I was planning to stay longer but I had to leave because of the heavy smoking
Nice place to study , quit classic music , good food too
The twist is in the service , staff effortlessly makes you feel that you are a regular while being professional and attentive , the place is nice with an air - conditioned indoors and small outdoor area , go there for a casual shisha evening with friends or to watch a football match
The smell if shiha is horrible even before entering the Cafe very poor ventilation
: hot_beverage : : hot_beverage : : hot_beverage : : face_savoring_food :
خدمة ممتازة من اكتر الاماكن في التجمع راحة وتميز
قهوة رايقة و القعدة لذيذة بس في الاجازات زحمة و ممكن متلاقيش مكان
معقول
كافيه كويس قاعده حلوه
احلا و اطعم فول و فلافل سوري ف اكتوبر
مع احترامي الشديد لكل المطاعم حق الفلافل المطعم ده غير لائق للاكل عنده
مطعم جميل ومحترمين
Perfect . One of my favorite spots
مطعم هندي والشيف مصري . . كيف كذا ؟
الاكل تحفة
Prices are so high compared to portions of food , yet the food is delicious .
Amazing food and customer service
Nice place with Authentic Indian test
طعم هندي
Best branch EMO_POS
I’m a repeated guest since long time . my last dine wasn’t a good like before the food it’s okay but from the server way need more attention and training .
Worst online service . Ordered online and waited for more than 2 hrs . NO status tracking or no update . If we call the contact number , No one is there to speak in English . Do no order nayting online .
Very Delicious food with a very nice ambience . . . .
طعام جيد اسعار غاليه اتمني خفض الاسعار
The most amazing restaurant really , they helped me as I asked them to do a surprise for my best friend and childhood friend EMO_POS and they made that dream come true EMO_POS she was really happy with the food , atmosphere , and stuff behavior EMO_POS definitely will visit when I come to Egypt EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
كل حاجه سبايسي حتي لو انت طالب العادي و الاسعار و الكميات غير متناسبين مع بعض
Marian did an amazing job ! It’s by far my favourite place to get my nails done !
Mostafa is the fastest and best hairstylist . My favorite salon , even when crowded you don’t have to wait to long .
I visited this salon at the beginning of January based on prior communication with customer service . I live in Norway , so I had many questions before the visit to find out what would suit me . The customer service was excellent , the communication was fast , and the answers were comprehensive . When I arrived at the salon , the hairstylist George first examined my hair to make sure it was healthy and to assess the expected color results , which I really appreciated . George was professional; he listened carefully to what I wanted , suggested what he thought would look even better , and convinced me — and he was absolutely right . The result was amazing . He told me that my hair would continue to shine and that the color would become more and more beautiful over time — and that is exactly what happened . I should also mention that I came in after a nose job , but they handled the situation with great care and made me feel very safe . Finally , girls , I think George has “green fingers , ” as we say — because my hair became healthier and even grew longer after he cut it ! : smiling_face : Thanks George and the styff , i will come back as soon as possible ! EMO_POS : smiling_face :
It was a pampering experience
It’s now my favorite beauty place . . They really did a great job with my extremely damaged nails . . thank u zoeya team specially maryan EMO_POS EMO_POS
Best pedicure Service in new cairo . . thank u so much . . Amy is really professional also mina saved my hair after very bad experience in another salon , many thanks for the professional team because they never fail to make me happy with results EMO_POS EMO_POS
Amazing experience . . love the place EMO_POS
Had the best experience with george . Talented is a very small word next to his work . He gave me the best haircut and blowout ever .
George for hair cutting and blowout is Amazing ! And Marianne for nails : white_heart :
Mina nagueib great with hair cuts
Thanks to Mary Ann she has done a beautiful job on my hair . God bless her shes amazing . She took lots of time and made sure i like it and made me very comfortable with the whole experience .
منار ابدعت ، انا جاية من السعودية خصيصا لها EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS وشكرا لعبدالله علي حسن الاستقبال
شغلهم تحفة وجورج وقص الشعر جميل جدا كل حاجة عملتها حلوة
Update : The manager called me the day after . Heard my complaint and apologised alot . They dealt with the girl . Refunded my service amount and offered me a free voucher to test their service again . Don't go for a pedicure there . I had awful experience with them yesterday . I think i would be traumatised for a long time to go anywhere for a pedicure again . I have been there twice within 3 months . I asked for pedicure and manicure service . The first time i got injuries around my toe nails though i asked her to be gentle and it was painful for couple of days . Then i decided to give them a second chance yesterday . The girl rubbed my feet so harsh that it got injured and started bleeding ! She said sorry and sanitized it with alcohol and that's it . I blead on the tub that someone will use after me without sanitizing ! When i reached out to the reception girl after then she just nodded said sorry she will talk with the girl . Why on earth would someone scrub someone's heel in this painful and stupid way . Now after i got home it's swollen and i can't walk on it properly . And btw i color my nails way better .
ممتازه جدا
Thank you so much Maryam my beautiful nailartist Mary my beautiful woman
Friendly staff especially Nehal she's always cheerful and helpful : heart_suit : : heart_suit : : heart_suit :
A very special confi place where you can find quality of service and cleanliness i want to thank Eman specifically for being friendly and professional .
The salon is absolutely beautiful : white_heart : I contacted them last minute and they still managed to fit me in . I did my nails with Marina — she’s fast , very precise , and did exactly what I wanted . Thank you to her ! The receptionist is so sweet , and the prices and the place are really nice . I’ll definitely come back
moudy is the best hair colorist in cairo , I wait till i’m back from travels just to dye my hair here . His hairstyling is very smooth too . begad to7fa
مكان محترم جدا
سئ جدا في الخدمه والتعامل الشكل سئ انصح بعدم التعامل سعر غالي وما فيش طعم خالص
بجد تسلم ايدك من احسن الاماكن الي بتعمل بتزه فرع الموقف الشيف زكريا EMO_POS EMO_POS
لذيذة و شهية للغاية
كل الملابس تعتبر علي احدث
مقبول
Layanan jelek , sengaja melambat - lambatkan antrian dan suka melewatkan nomer antrian tidak tertib .
طلبت فراخ للاسف طعم غير مناسب وحجمها صغير جدا تجربه سيئه بصراحه
خدمه ممتازه وناس محترمه
سيئ جدا
للاسف اكلنا عنده اسواء اكل بمعني الكلمه كله بايت وزيت مقروعين ماتدخلونه
The food was raw
we love coming to bahia it's a very special day when I do not any more thanks to the staff laziness not all off them to be fair but hope to find s better place with egypt food as good as here but with responsev staff
كل شي طلبناه كان لذيذ الملوخية وشوربة كريمة بالفراخ والرز بالشيعيرية والمشاوي معاها المقبلات
دوار العمده لذيذ
الصراحة كلشي كان عندهم جميل الخدمة النظافة الاكل كلشي في المستوي المطلوب
بهيه اصل الاكله المصريه : ok_hand : : ok_hand : : ok_hand : : ok_hand : : ok_hand :
احلي طعم الاوردر كان وعرض السرايا فاخره موزه شوربه عدس وبجد شوربه العدس ممتازه : face_savoring_food : : face_savoring_food : : face_savoring_food : وفخاره الموزه ايه : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts :
متوسط الجودة خدمة سيئة
Good fruits and vegetables But they don’t care about cleanliness of the street .
ممتاز ماركت وخضروات
اسعارهم كويسه وكل حاجه موجوده ماعدا اللحوم ومتاح توصيل
المكان كويس اسعاره كويسة في متناول الجميع
الحج ابراهيم حاجه محترمه
الله يرحمك يا ابي
بحبه جدا واكله اكتر من رائع والخدمه ممتازة جدا واكله ولا اروع فعلا وتقريبا بروح كل اسبوع
هناك الكثير من القطط
بصو انا رحت مرتين المرة الاولي كانت بالصدفه والمكان لطيف وليه vibe حلوة الحواوشي اللي بالجبنه حلو والكفته تمام والفراخ الملوخيه والشوربة مش قد كدا المرة التانيه مكنتش الطف حاجه والحواوشي صغر جدا بس حلو برضو روحو وانتو جعانين
ليس افضل شئ
مطعم شعبي اكل مميز خدمه متوسطه اسعار جيده تنوع في انواع الطعام والاصناف
Great food , great experience
Top service
the sushi is amazing , super fresh and very clean . you can really tell the quality of the ingredients . the service was also really nice and welcoming , which made the whole experience even better . i loved the variety on the menu , there were so many great options to choose from . they also gave us several complimentary items , and they were all delicious . would definitely go back again ! : face_savoring_food : : face_savoring_food : : face_savoring_food : : face_savoring_food :
Miso soup was extremely salty ! I got sick after eating my order !
Amazing food and a very friendly staff
Super fresh , super good : ok_hand : EMO_POS : face_savoring_food :
I used to be a loyal customer and even left a positive review two years ago . Unfortunately , this place has gone downhill badly . Prices are insanely high for the quality and service . Orders , especially the all you can eat take 30+ minutes , even with pre - orders . Portions are much smaller than before . The only positive left is the staff—they’re genuinely nice . Other than that , the quality , service , and pricing feel like a scam . Sad to see such a drop . They seriously need to change . Clean . Honest . Hits hard without being messy .
We often visit this restaurant , but this time we were very disappointed . First of all , the sushi portions have become much smaller than they used to be . While this is unpleasant , we could still assume that inflation has affected them . We also ordered the all - you - can - eat set , but the service was extremely slow . Each order took a very , very long time to arrive . It was obvious that this is part of their policy to delay the orders so that customers get tired of waiting and leave without fully receiving what they paid for . However , when we received the bill , we noticed discrepancies between the prices listed on the menu and the prices charged on the bill ( 16pcs for 500 instead of 443egp and all u can eat for 1250 instead of 1100 ) . This is simply dishonest and feels like taking advantage of customers . In the menu screenshots , you can clearly see the difference between the stated prices and the final amount we were charged . I do not believe this is how a respectable establishment should operate . This experience was unacceptable . I am deeply disappointed , will not return , and will also warn my friends about this place .
The taste of the sushi was incredible but the size of the pieces was small . Very cheap tables , but who cares . I would recommend takeout than eating at the restaurant .
One of the best sushi places I have been to in new cairo
The sushi is so good quality . But atmosphere and service is on another level . Very welcoming and very decent and very considerate . The stuff are amazing . Also that you can take your desert from simonds is a plus : face_savoring_food :
It’s not your typical sushi place but it will work if you are craving some sushi . Good variety , nice service and average ambiance .
Very good EMO_POS EMO_POS
wow it'good sushi and amazing place especially hady he served us the sushi
Very good staff , specially Mr . Mazen and very good tasty sushi : clapping_hands_light_skin_tone :
I had an amazing experience at ARIGATO . Everything was absolutely perfect — from the freshness of the fish to the beautiful presentation of every dish . The flavors were perfectly balanced , the portions were generous , and the service was incredibly friendly and attentive . The atmosphere is cozy and elegant , making it the ideal place for a date or a relaxing dinner . Honestly , this is one of the best sushi spots I’ve ever tried . Highly recommended !
Good place & nice prices
الاكل عندهم كويس جدا
The staff are very very friendly and helpful We love the place and the food was tasty and fresh
The ice cream is very delicious I loved it
Service was extremely friendly and welcoming Food taste and portions are on point . Overall experience was mazing
Indian food very taste .
A very wonderful team and service I had a very good experience EMO_POS
قدمة اعلي تقييم بناء علي جودة الاكل وسرعة تقديم الوجبات و الخدمة الرائعه مع الاستاذ بلال
اكل ممتاز وخدمة كويسة جدا
The fod tastes so god literally on toop
Very delicious And the staf was nice and very hospital Belal Ramadan was gr8 to me
Thanks for your service , food was great and staff was elegant
مكان راقي
٢٤ ساعه و خدمه ممتازه EMO_POS
للاسف الكفيه والمطعم استغلالي والاسطف الصالة الداخلية يقلل من احترامك ويعاملك معاملة فلوس فقط . استغلال واضح حتي للزبائن القدامي . الاصطف يكرهك في المكان . انا حريص اني اكتب التعليق ده لاني حكيت كثير للمسولين ومش علي بالهم . وتم اليوم التقليل مني والتسبب في احراج ليا بدون اي سبب فقط لان الاصطف يستظرف ويعاملك معاملة استغلال بقعد في هذا الكفيه قبل ٦ سنوات وفي الاخير يتم احراجي والتقليل مني وده كلام اتحاسب عليه اما ربنا ونصيحة للمسؤولين للمرة الثالثة بقول بيتم استغلال الزبائن . لن ادخل الكفيه مرة ثانية ولا انصح احد من اصحابي يدخله بعد ما كان هو افضل كافيه وافضل اصطف علي مستوي اكتوبر الفترة الاخير كثير من الاصدقاء قالوا نفس الكلام اتمني اتمني اتمني لكم الافضل وانا عمري ما كتبت تعليق لمطعم او كفيه ولكن هذه المرة غير عن كل مرة واتمني لكم التوفيق والسداد هذه نصحية وعتب في نفس الوقت الوقت
Worst playlist of music ever , i have ordered my coffee and it took around half an hour to br prepared ! Also the receipt i asked for it for three times to just get it ! Though the place wasn't that busy
Very nice place
كويس و عنده تنوع و الحلويات طعمها حلو بس القهوة مش حلوة
من سطح وعلي قد حاله
حلو نوعا ماه ولاكن اتمني ان يكون افضل . من كده
‏جيد بس محتاج يهتم النظافة
طعم وخدمة ممتازة
Good place with wide variety of selections and mixes , need a bit of upgrading the quality and type of brands
Usually I am a big crepe hater , but this branch does a really good job in getting me to try it .
في غلط بالحساب يضيف زيادة عالحساب ولما راجعنهم لم نتوصل لحل بالحساب خدمة سيئة توصيل بطئء ودايما
اسعاره اغلا من الي جنبه ب 30 جنيه تجربتي كانت بون لا انصح بتعامل معه ابد
معاملة سيئه
تاخير رهيب ومش بيردو عالتليفون
المكان نظيف جدا و كل حاجة موجودة
مطعمي المفضل من ونا ٦ سنين : smiling_face_with_hearts : EMO_POS
We had diner here 2 times and the meal was always really delicious . Two days before we tried the tajine ( molochia and okra ) and now the grilled chicken and mixed grill with vermicelli rice and pickled lemon . The staff is really kind , friendly and fast Thanx for everything ! Hopefully we will meet again next year .
قرر
رز مكانش مستوي ، الكمية قليلة وكان بارد ولكن طعم المشاوي كويس
Heya foreigners outside the Arab world . Food is expensive and can’t be eaten . When you ask a dozen times is it beef meat or lamb meat . You get the standard response that it’s just meat . So they do not understand the difference between and sheep and cow . Even after asking is it beef and telling them we don’t eat lamb , the . They say it’s beef . Oh boy ! Spent a lot of money and couldn’t eat it .
Attente de fou on a fini par partir . Rendez - moi une heure de ma vie
Food delicious and cheap , the natural juice is very nice too
I stayed here alone for a few nights in Cairo and felt completely safe . The hotel is right in the central business area , so everything—restaurants , cafes , cinemas , and shops—is within easy reach . The building is a bit old , and the elevator can feel a little creepy , but the rooms are clean , simple , and comfortable enough for a solo traveler . This isn’t a high - end hotel , so it’s best to manage your expectations . That said , it’s very affordable , breakfast is included , and the staff are incredibly friendly and helpful . They also offer airport pickup and tour packages , which made exploring the city stress - free . Overall , it’s a safe , convenient , and good - value option for anyone visiting Cairo on a budget . I would definitely stay here again !
This is nice hotel in the heart of Giza . I walked to the Citadel & the Hanging church from this hotel . The movie theater is next door & i do go see a movie . The staff of the hotel are very friendly & very helpful in organizing any tours you might want to do . I recommend going to Wadi El Hatim & the waterfall . Booking your visit to the Pyramids or the new Grand Museum through this hotel , will spare you the nightmare aggressive behavior of predatory tour companies that attack you & are 99% scams just trying to upsell you ANYTHING they can . The elevators at this hotel are very unique & cool . Breakfast is delicious & the staff are friendly .
Ottima posizione , personale molto gentile , stanza molto pulita e letto comodo . La stanza aveva anche un bel balcone ! Un peccato per l’ascensore un po vecchiotto che spero in un futuro potranno migliorare , già che la condividono con il resto dell’edificio
Surroundings are noisy . You can not take sound sleep . But breakfast was good .
Si on fait abstraction de l'ascenseur qui fait vraiment , mais vraiment peur , c'est parfait . On nous a accueilli à la sortie de notre taxi , Mlle Dream nous a bien conseillée . Service attentionné . Déjeuner inclus que nous essayerons demain matin .
Mısır’da kaldığınız en iyi oteldi bence . Ses sevmiyorsanız çevresi aşırı gürültülü çok merkezi konumda her yere yakın . Küçük bir balkonu vardı odanın 6 . Katta çok otantik akşam oturduk . Odalar temizdi nevresimler güzeldi . 4 . Katta resepsiyon var , o kattan itibaren odalar başlıyor 6 . Katta kaldık restorantta oradaydı . Kahvaltısı biraz vasattı ama yine çalışanlar ilgiliydi düşünmedik onu . Valizlerimizin gece geç saate kadar kalmasına müsaade ettiler . Asansörleri otantikti ama korkutucu biraz 151 yıllık .
مكان جميل وفيها العمارة من التراث القديم . . وخدمة الطاقم جميل منهم كريم . . شكرا جزيلا
Hotel jest stary ale cena super , wychodzi po 10 dolarów za dobę od osoby i to jeszcze ze śniadaniem , jest klimatyzacja i łazienka w pokoju , dzielnica fajna I tętniącą życiem , jest gdzie pochodzić i co zjeść , obok sklepiki z dobrymi cenami .
فندق جدا بسيط ولكن ممتاز الفطور كان مميز وطاقم الخدمة جدا متعاون علي راسهم الاخ انور والاخت مها وان شاء الله سوف اسكن في كل ما ازور مصر بس ارجو يشوفون حل للاصنصير
We had a hard time finding the entrance to the hotel building . The entrance did not feel safe at all , and the whole building had a strong , unpleasant smell . It looks like there’s parking available , but there isn’t ! It took us almost an hour to find a paid parking garage nearby . The room we were given looked nothing like the photos . When we decided to leave without staying even one night , I politely asked if we could get a refund . The staff kindly told me to contact Booking , so I thought they would approve the request — but they didn’t ! They charged the full amount and didn’t refund anything . A complete disappointment — I absolutely do not recommend this place !
Nicht empfehlenswert ! Ich kann dieses Hotel leider überhaupt nicht weiterempfehlen . Schon beim Betreten fiel mir ein unangenehmer Geruch im gesamten Gebäude auf . Das Zimmer war nicht sauber , besonders Toilette und Bad waren in einem unhygienischen Zustand – weit entfernt von dem , was man auf den Bildern bei Booking . com sieht . Die Realität entspricht absolut nicht den Fotos . Für die Darstellung im Internet ist das eine Enttäuschung . Ich würde definitiv nicht noch einmal hier übernachten .
بصراحه مستواي النظافة كويس جدا فعلا الموظفين بجد كويسن وبالاخص الاستاذ يوسف حسني
Horrible Experience – Felt Like a Haunted Hotel ! We arrived at 2 a . m . after booking through agoda for two nights , but the hotel had no record of our reservation and claimed they don’t work with agoda . After half an hour of explaining and showing proof , they said the room had leakage issues and moved us to another hotel in the middle of the night . The building itself looked like it had been abandoned for 100 years — dark , eerie , and empty . The lift was an old , manual one straight out of the 1920s , and we were taken to the fourth floor with no guard or staff around . The next morning , the other hotel kept calling us to leave and return to the first one . Overall , a terrible , stressful , and unprofessional experience . I wouldn’t recommend this place to anyone .
The rooms are very cosy with a nice view however the building it is in seems a bit run down . The rooms are very clean and comfortable though
Set in the heart of Cairo town though in an old structure , this hotel has experienced and well mannered staff that ensure that the rooms remain sparkling clean . Besides , the facilities are working effectively and despite the bursting of the environment , the rooms are serene .
فندق ممتاز و سيف محترم و ذوق
Good value for money , the building has its own rustic charm with elevators from old movies . Don’t expect great luxury but the staff is excellent and the breakfast is tasty . Location is downtown with noise so not for families but perfect for young people all restaurants bars and monuments are easy to reach
مافي اي احترام للنزلاء
Highly recommended and thank you for everything starting from hosting and welcoming tell the most intelligent doctors I have seen I have tried 3 different doctors and all of them are really great love you everyone there EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
It was a very bad experience and the doctors are not professionals at all I don’t recommend this place at all
Very unprofessional and leaves burns
I don't recommend nouvel age at all . They have a disgusting service . They burned me during lazer and now I have white spots all over my leg , they didn’t even care about it or bother to follow up as if it wasn't their fault and they speak to us in a very rude way , they don't want to even help . Their doctors are not trained , not qualified , and not professional at all . I told the doctor before i got in that if she cant do on my skin type she doesn't have to but she kept telling me no of course i wont if i cant w i will take care . Turns out the she was using the wrong machine aslan . Fa they are hiring unprofessional doctors that aren’t even trained they don't even know which machine they should use .
I do not recommend . I had a disappointing experience at this clinic . I wouldn’t recommend this clinic .
I do not recommend nouvel clinc at ALL . The staff is extremely unprofessional , and the service is even worse . They treat customers with disrespect , coldness , and bitterness , even during serious matters . For your own sake do not go
The best experience I've ever had EMO_POS Professional doctors and the staff was very welcoming and helpful
One of the best experiences I’ve had Professional staff , excellent service , and great attention to detail . Highly recommended !
Amazing service at nouvelage ! Pilot staff , very helpful , clean and hygienic place . Dr Sandra made me feel so comfortable : smiling_face_with_hearts : . She is a professional ! Highly reccomend !
Honestly the most unprofessional and disrespectful clinic I have dealt with . I had an appointment , to my surprise there were three customers delayed before me , because they overbooked and the receptionists were misleading , so I ended up waiting for 2 hours and did nothing . Following week , the same thing happened . They tend to overbook and you always wait 1+ hours with misleading updates from the reception .
Very professional : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : and special thanks to dr hadeer EMO_POS
Dr asmaa is the best w el branch very clean very helpful stuff highly recommended
The place was clean and the service was excellent . Thank you to the reception staff and Dr . Sarah .
I enjoyed my visit . The staff were lovely and dr sara was very nice EMO_POS .
Worst laser experience ! ! I got burned not professional at all . I even got back to Dr . Nada and she replied it’s normal it’s just 1st degree burns ! ! ! I’m truly shocked by the terrible service .
Satisfied ! Dr . Dareen is very welcoming and makes things super easy .
Love the haircut
A barber with European standard . Top tier service top tier cut , clean shop , great staf . Worth it 100 %
Very professional and friendly . They really care about your comfort and satisfaction
المكان عجيب ونظيف والي يشتغلون شذار نانا اول مره تجربه وماتخيلت برافو . . الي حلقلي عمرو شاطر والساق الباجي اسلام واوسي اهتمام ممتاز
Very nice place , friendly staff , best hair cut I got in Cairo in years
شكرا للاخ اسلام و الاخ سيف
شباب فنانين : sparkles : : call_me_hand_medium - dark_skin_tone :
. شباب طيبين اوي . احسن حلاقين في القاهرة
ممكن اروح احلق عند محمد الصغير احسن غلي السعر مره واحده الضعف بدون اي داعي و المكان ميستاهلش السعر دا خالص
Top class service .
Thank you Amr for the amazing haircut . Professional , precise , and great vibe . Highly recommended
I had an amazing experience at Hika Salon . They delivered on exactly what I asked . They were very professional and welcoming . The barbershop was very clean . They took their time cutting my hair . I had a straight razor shave that came out really nice . They even waxed right under my eyes . They washed and styled it for me and at a very very good price . Over all I would highly recommend them to anyone . Thank you guys !
بجد كويسين اوي ومحترمين جدا
شغل جميل ومرتب
Super Barber aux petits soins . Merci à Manssy pour le travail . Continuez comme ça . À bientôt ; )
Une super equipe ! J'ai passé un bon moment
المكان جميل ورايق والحلاقة جدا جميلة اشكر الطاقم علي اداءهم وتعاملهم الراقي يستاهلو الزيارة
2週間に一度くらいのペースで通っています。 フレンドリーで技術も確か。
The best salon with wonderful staff !
شغال بس مش واو
خدمه ممتازه صراحه
افضل تعامل واسلوب وشكرا للاخ اسلام والحلاق شريف فنان ويده حلوه
اكل حلو و اجوا فرحه و بهجه في رمضان
اكثر من رائع : star - struck :
اهم شيء . . . . ارجو الاطمئنان علي الحاج حمدي . واسال الله له الشفاء العاجل لا يغادر سقما . . وموفور الصحة . . . . . . يارب ونحن وقت السحر اسالك فاستجب لي . سبحانك القدير . . سيد البوشي . .
الرايق من اقدم محلات للمشويات في حدائق المعادي . . الاكل كان تحفة . . الكفتة طعمها كان حلو اوي تتاكل لوحدها . . الطرب طعمه مميز بردو بس لما يستوي كويس اوي . . الفراخ معظمها شواية تتبيلة محترمة اوي . . اما البروست السباسي مش سباسي اوي بس كطعم المشويات طعمها احلي بكتير . . المكان نفسه صغير حوالي ٣ ترابيزات . . الاكل نضيف بس كل حاجة بفلوس الطحينة و السلطة . لازم تتطلب ميه سلطة "ويسكي" علشان تنزلك . . اسعار الاكل بالنسبة للجودة و الطعم ممتازة . . الخدمة مكنتش احسن حاجة بس كده دي كل التجربة في المكان جربته اكتر من مرة مفيش مرة بصراحة الاكل كان وحش
Very carefully and friendly EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
It was a great visit , Dr . Youssef Mustafa was very capable and friendly
ممتاز والانفكشن ممتاز
Dr Tareq is a professional professor who has a lot of experience in the Dental treatment that make it easy
Good carrying place good customer service And amazing service
The experience was great Dr Tarek is the best
Best dr ever , great service , Top cleanliness
Best endo and crown doctor ever . Nada at the front desk is very helpful
Thank u so much doc . Tarek for your hands EMO_POS
كل سنه وانت طيب يادكتور طارق وشكرا جزيلا وشكرا جزيلا لدكتور محمد ناصر وشكرا لكل الناس الاصطف اللي شغالين ف العياده واتمني ليكم الافضل دايما والتقدم
دكتور ممتاز ومكان نضيف واجهزة حديثة والريسبشن زوق جدا
I had an excellent experience at this clinic ! The care I received was outstanding , and I highly recommend it to anyone in need of dental services . Dr . Tarek is truly the best dentist in Cairo . Thank you for the wonderful service !
Very professional , on time and everything is super clean .
الحمدلله تجربه كويسه عند دكتور للاطفال عموما
دكتور جميل وشاطر اوي ارتحنا جدا معاه و بجد بيفهم المريض علي كل حاجة بضمير : star - struck :
احلا دكتور في الدنيا
اعلي رعايه طبيه
محتاج جدول عيادات الصدر ضروري
مستشفي القصر العيني تقع في منطقة المنيل علي الكورنيش وهي مستشفي جامعي علي اعلي مستوي بها كل التخصصات
Very bad place
جيده جدا
مستشفي تعليمي لجامعة القاهرة
الناس دي الف الف
EMO_POS : flexed_biceps :
EMO_POS : flexed_biceps : اجمل شوريما ف عين شمس و احسن ناس والله و و ف كميه الاحترام
EMO_POS : flexed_biceps : احسن محل سوري و الخدمه فوق الممتازه و الناس محترمه اوي
EMO_POS : flexed_biceps : احسن محل سوري في عزبه النخل وعين شمس والاداره محترمه جدا الناس في قمه الذوق والاحترام EMO_POS : flexed_biceps :
مش نظيف والاكل زفر
النظافه معدومه
ابو حسن السوري ملك الشاورما
الاكل فعلا وحش و بايت و التوميه جايه بايظه و حمضانه اول و اخر مره اجربه و اسوء اكل فعلا
Vue superbe et deco sympa mais cuisine tres moyenne pour prix cher . Je pensais que ce serait plus raffiné .
Ristorante con buffet di qualità medio alta . Grande varietà di verdure e carne . Servizio buono .
Brilliant atmospheric Riad in the heart of the old Islamic quarter . A great experience .
Best food we‘ve eaten in egypt ! Very much recommended .
Best downtown Cairo experience for sure ! The food is amazing and service is beyond ! Ask for Ahmed Wahba at the restaurant he’s the best they have
Bellissima esperienza , consiglio la prenotazione , in quanto sempre super affollato ! E il motivo è che è il top !
Απολαύσαμε ένα εξαιρετικό γεύμα στο Zeeyara , αφού ολοκληρώσαμε τη βόλτα μας στην αγορά . Το εστιατόριο βρίσκεται στην ταράτσα του Le Riad Hotel de Charme και παρέχει θέα στο ισλαμικό Κάιρο . Είναι πεντακάθαρο και το προσωπικό είναι γρήγορο και ευγενικό . Δοκιμάσαμε , μεταξύ άλλων τα εξής : Το fattah bil mouza ήταν πολύ καλό , ειδικά το crispy ψωμί που έχει στη βάση . Τα mombar και kebbab tajin ήταν πολύ εύγευστα . Το rice camel kofta έχει ωραία σάλτσα , αλλά ο κεφτές ήταν "λαστιχένιος" . Γενικό τιπ : αποφύγετε την μπίρα χωρίς αλκοόλ Birell . Είναι από τις χειρότερες που έχω δοκιμάσει . Οι τιμές είναι αυξημένες για τα δεδομένα της πόλης .
Absolutamente perfecto . Sitio muy bonito , en una azotea con vistas sobre Al muiz . Limpieza total , y buen servicio . Y la comida , casi todo especialidades egipcias , buenísima . El duck pie muy bueno , el hummus también y lo mejor el postre Zeeyara pie , para llorar de rico . Y a precios ( para turistas ) muy baratos .
Un très joli restaurant avec roof top qui propose de délicieuses spécialités égyptiennes . Joli décor et excellent service .
Platos interesantes si quieres probar pigeon y camello . . la terraza es agradable . . y lo más importante es un sitio limpio y con buen servico .
Très bon et copieux
The restaurant was a bit of a let down . The reviews were good , but the food was nothing special , classic touristy food . The service was a bit careless ( let’s say distracted ) . The views from the rooftop were lovely , but I was hoping for a better experience in terms of food . Personally , a disappointment for me .
Prachtige locatie , goed eten en ontzettend attente mensen .
Fantástico ! ! Éramos un grupo y por 15€ cada uno comimos muy bien .
A rather pretentious place on the top floor of a building with an interesting interior , nice view from the terrace , polite staff , but , unfortunately , completely tasteless food . We ordered chicken mesahab , camel meat kofta , grape leaves , lentil soup , and mango fresh . As a result , only the fresh and soup were good . The chicken was tasteless , dry and cold , and the kofta was simply rubbery . In addition , waited about 40 minutes for our order . I absolutely see no merit in this place , the price - quality ratio is the lowest of all our experiences in restaurants in Cairo and Giza… In general , visiting is not recommended .
Great food with an amazing view . Great way to dine . Wahba provided great service to us and gave excellent recommendations .
Mi novio y yo somos mexicanos y visitamos su restaurante , ell fueron muy amables , su comida y bebida fue muy buena y su ubicación es extraordinaria , la calle donde se encuentra parece un cuento de Alí Babe . .
Food was excellent , service was prompt and the alfresco dinning view was good .
Great atmosphere abdelrahman was such a great chef the service is great and salad so fresh . some how they don’t great you with a smile
VERY VERY BAD EXPERIENCE ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I'm not a beef person at all , but I had the best tenderloin of my entire life : melting_face : EMO_POS I didn’t get the chance to know the chef’s name , but he was super decent and nice He did everything to perfection with a great teppanyaki show… . I’ll definitely come again ! : two_hearts :
The food was so bad and had no taste for a place that pricey . Wonton soup had no flavor and the noodles were so mid it tasted like foodcourt noodles . Also the salmon dish was so basic .
Chef abdallah is the best
Amazing experience . We were celebrating our anniversary . We ordered Ogosho from the Teppanyaki set menu the food was amazing and the tenderloin was perfectly cooked ( medium well ) . We had a mesmerizing show from Chef Ahmed . What elevated our experience was the attentiveness of the maître d'hôtel Hazem . Overall the best experience and food you can ever have but it's on the pricy side .
环境很好，服务很好，但作为日本菜味道一般般。
Amazing intimate place to take a loved one , staffed is extremely friendly , food is top notch , and the chef gave us a delicious complementary desert . 10/10
مطعم داخل فندق الانتركونتيننتال الاجواء و الاكل لذيذ وفريش اخذنا عرض مع العشاء يشكر الشيف عبدالله كل شي لذيذ ومضبوط لنا عودة باذن الله انصح بالمطعم : thumbs_up_light_skin_tone :
Cairo’s most reliable sushi restaurant never disappoints . Fresh fish , excellent cooked options , and informed , attentive service all make for a very pleasant evening . It’s far from the cheapest option in the city , but there are afew restaurants of any kind that are better looking , more serene , and generally all around enjoyable .
Located on the basement level ( B1 ) of the InterContinental Hotel , this restaurant is on the pricier side , as you’d expect from a hotel dining venue . I found the sushi and nigiri to be better than the rolls . The regular donburi came with generous portions . Overall , it was a good experience .
It’s was amazing , unreal show and food
Très bon restaurant , service impeccable et personnel très aimable
Food and hospitality was amazing very professional and sushi is awesome : smiling_face_with_hearts : : rose :
Sea food was good . Tapenyaki was different but still ok
The service and the chef Ahmed mokhtar are amazing
ご飯も美味しかったです。
点了寿司乌冬面鳗鱼饭 都很一般 尤其寿司很不好吃 价格还很贵 乌冬面不如说是拉面味道很一般 也没吃完 鳗鱼饭还行 服务也还可以
La comida estaba muy rica
Very good restaurant .
الورق عنب وصلني خربان وريحته طالعة للاسف و البيتزا طعم الخميرة فيها ياليتني ما طلبت
Not professional , Extremely bad service
المناقيش حلوة اوي
طعم جميل جدا جدا جدا جدا
Very good quality it’s wow . Better for food pickup
فطور مميز انصح الجميع بتذوق الطعام اللذيذ
It’s not clean , there’s cat getting in the restaurant . It’s small and overcrowded…not a pleasant experience .
I wish i could give negative stars . They charged us 10% for paying by credit card and gave us mediocre quality food . Its a scam to tourists . Would not recommend . Also , they kept us there by force until we agreed to pay the 10% fee and the 14% VAT/service charge which was also a scam .
الاكل سئ جدا
Sollte man unbedingt meiden ! Empfang war sehr freundlich aber die Speisen sind völlig überteuert . Das Fleisch war quasi ungenießbar und es wurde ohne Bestellung Reis dazu geliefert und auch verrechnet . Am Ende wurden noch fette 20% Service Gebühr dazu gerechnet und auf das Restgeld wurde großzügig vergessen !
مش بطال
Excellent , freshly grilled food , though the wait was long . Atmosphere is wonderful . EMO_NEG Payment in cash only , so you should be prepared , very uncomfortable . EMO_NEG Expensive . EMO_NEG Rude waiter demanding his tips . . .
الاكل سئ جدا والخدمه زباله وملوش اي علاقه بالدهان
ذكرياتها وحشه معايا
خدمه سئ
خدمه جيده
خدمه طبية جيده
المستشفي مستواها طبيا ممتازه جدا جدا والتمريض في قمه الزوق والاحترام لاكن موظفين الامن النسائي غير محترمين علي الطلاق وفي قمه قله الزوق والتحضر وبيعاملوا المرضي بشكل سئ جدا كاننا بنشحت وبسببهم وعدم التزامهم كموظفين امن خارج عن نطاق التكضر والادميه والادب هيكون مستوي المستشفي سئ جدا لانهم واجهه للمستشفي ولابد من المتابعه المستمره علي سلوكيات هؤلاء الموظفين الخارجين عن نطاق الادب والاخلاق
احلي ندي حقيقي : white_heart : : heart_suit : : folded_hands :
تنضيف بشره واستشوار
حلو اوي
So good and gentle with hair
Nada is so sweet kind and funny ! It’s truly a joy to come here .
Coiffeuse très gentille : slightly_smiling_face : : round_pushpin : Salon situé au premier étage de la résidence : check_mark_button : Excellent rapport qualité prix : small_blue_diamond : Prestations supplémentaires : épilation des sourcils et tatouage au henné : small_blue_diamond : Je recommande à : hundred_points : %
I visited l for a nail appointment and I couldn’t be happier . The place was clean , the staff was super friendly , and the attention to detail was amazing . My nails turned out perfect and lasted beautifully . Definitely coming back !
I got my hair done in 20 minutes EMO_POS EMO_POS with nada she was so friendly and nice : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : highly recommended . . : star - struck :
مكان مريح وندي شاطره بجد وسريعه وبتنجزني
ندي بكل صراحة كانت في المستوي و النصيحة في محلها يعني العمل بتاعها بذمة و اماك حبيت انا وبنتي
I just wanted something quick and a fresher hair look . Found good reviews on this place and took a chance ! I recommend it . She’s a good hair dresser at the whole experiment was amazing . Thank you
شغل مزيان برشا : smiling_face_with_hearts :
Nada was very nice and helped me get a manicure as a tourist ! She even offered me coffee while I waited at the end : revolving_hearts :
I got a haircut and threading done here today . The lady was very welcoming , gave me a very fair price , and did the job very professionally . Her salon was very clean and she was very good at her job . Thank you so much , 1000% will come again next time I am in Egypt .
شغل رائع ومعاملة راقية جدا انصح بشدة
Mükemmel bir yemekti . King Fish süperdi . Om Ali de çok lezzetliydi . Sevgili Su chefimiz Muhammed Shawki masaya kadar gelip bize permaklarımızı yedirten lime butter shrimp'in tarifini verdi .
Tenaya is truly one of the best restaurants in Cairo . The Nile view is absolutely stunning , especially at sunset . The atmosphere is elegant , relaxing , and perfect for a special evening . The service is outstanding and the staff are very friendly , attentive , and professional . The food is delicious and beautifully presented . I highly recommend Tenaya for anyone looking for a memorable dining experience .
The loaction , the service , the greeting on the door . All are amazing especially the staff .
Korean burger dramatically bad , mombar too dry , . Carpaccio Fish , Curry , soups very good
Iftar was nice and service is very good
El sitio es espectacular , las vistas preciosas y el personal atento y agradable . Muy contentos con el servicio de Ahmeed khaled
Iftar buffet was Rich , the food was tasty , with premium service . Overall Ramadan atmosphere was great I recommend everyone to try it .
الڤيو جامد والخدمة ممتازة
Очень хороший ресторан : dizzy :
مكان اكثر من رائع و الطعام ممتاز جدا و الخدمه مميزة
All is perfect and then the staff were very helpful and friendly . Thank you ahmed Khaled and all the team
Consider this a permanent warning : never visit this restaurant . From start to finish the experience was unprofessional and disrespectful . Orders arrived wrong , dishes came cold , requests were answered with impatience or ignored , and management did nothing to remedy the situation . For the rates on the menu this is inexcusable — you pay top - tier prices and receive shabby treatment and poor value . I left angry and regretful , and I will actively tell friends and family to avoid this place indefinitely . Do not be tempted by the view or the photos online; the moment you walk through the door you risk a ruined evening and money wasted .
If you value your time , money and dignity do not go here . The combination of subpar food , shockingly bad service and arrogant staff creates one of the worst dining experiences I have had . Requests were ignored , mistakes were not corrected , and the team showed zero accountability . Paying high prices for this level of negligence is unacceptable . The location and atmosphere cannot compensate for the contempt shown to guests . This establishment should not be supported; I urge everyone who reads this to never dine here and to warn others not to waste their money .
Warning to anyone considering this place : skip it . My visit was a textbook example of how to ruin a customer’s evening . Multiple errors with our order , excessively long waits , cold plates , and an atmosphere of blatant neglect from staff who acted as if we were inconveniencing them . When we asked for a manager we were met with indifference . Charging European - level prices without delivering service or quality is dishonest and insulting . This is not a place to try once — it is a place to avoid for life . I will never recommend this restaurant to anyone and I advise everyone who sees this review to do the same .
I have never left such a blunt warning before : do not go to this restaurant . The food is barely acceptable , but that would be forgivable if the staff treated customers with basic decency . Instead I encountered rude , dismissive employees who ignored requests , delivered wrong and cold dishes , and responded to complaints with excuses and indifference . There was no apology , no real attempt to fix anything , and no management presence to intervene . For the high prices they charge this is theft by disappointment . This place offers a nice view but that is the only thing worth the visit — otherwise you will pay premium money for the full experience of being disrespected . Do yourself a favor and never set foot in this restaurant . Tell your friends to avoid it forever .
Great meal , fantastic view and food - Ahmed was a fantastic waiter !
Some of the best local food we had during our trip . 10/10 recommend , and I recommend you have some dessert , it was very good as well !
Not only was the food was spectacular , but the service was exceptional ! Would highly recommend ! A special thank you to the Tenaya team , unforgettable experience ! Looking forward to another amazing experience soon !
Ahmed was our server and was excellent . We enjoyed the avocado quinoa salad , balady bread , and hummus . We dined at night and got many mosquito bites , so I recommend wearing long socks when dining outside .
مطعم محترم و خدمه ممتازه و شكر خاص لسيد : white_heart :
Very good service and great staff EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS especially samah : face_blowing_a_kiss :
الخدمة جميلة وكابتن سماح قمر : white_heart :
المطعم رائع والتنورة والاكل والله انبسطت اوي
جودة الاكل كويسة الخدمة دون المستوي السحور المفروض الكمية تكفي 4 افراد لكنها فعليا تكفي فردين . وكمان العيش اللي بينزل غير كافي ولازم تطلب اضافي .
The food was delicious and the service was great
Very Good food .
Went to the open buffet in Ramadan The overall experience is below average Staff is not professional Food is average They charge you for water although it is an open buffet which was extremely ridiculous Not recommended
Verry bad the food not cooked Verry Dry and so much oil
المطعم جوه حلو جدا ، وكابتن سماح قمر ولذيذة وسريعة والشباب مهذبين جدا والاكل كان حلو جدا
كافيه كويس وقعده مريحه
خدمات طبيه محترمه
Horrible experience if I'm being honest , I was coming home from school one day when I suddenly felt insane pain and it was so bad they had to rush me to the nearest hospital , and it was this one , they left me waiting for like 30 minutes and then later decided to finally treat me , my father was very worried about me and the female doctor was being very rude and cold so my dad ended up getting in a fight with her because she was very rude and ended up not treating me and getting busy with arguing , I don't understand why people like these even get a license , doctors should be polite , not rude coming to treat me like some piece of corpse or a nothing .
me atendireron muy bien cuando mi duende se rompio un dedo
The hospital has very unusual payment policies for foreigners . They insist on being paid in US dollars , and they almost never have change . They also refuse to return the difference in Egyptian pounds , and paying by isn’t accepted . Several times I went to pay and they didn’t have my change , and in the end I just left the money because there were no solutions and no willingness to help . For these reasons , I don’t recommend this hospital for foreigners when it comes to payment .
اعجبني
The doctors are excellent , but the lack of attention to the patient by the nursing staff is very poor .
مستشفي ممتازه جدا والتمريض فوق الممتاز والدكاتره
Very good restrooms are not they take patient
شكرا للمستشفي والاطباء سرعة اسعاف اخويا وانقاذ حياته بعد حادث كاد يودي بحياته… الحمد لله
كوبسه
نضيفة
تعامل سئ جدا و نظافة سيئة جداا واهمال و استغلال في الفلوس وضافوا يوم اضافي لمريض في العناية لولا المراجعة كان الحساب زاد اكثر من ما هو زايدو واستغلال بشع اسوء مسشتفي دخلتها في حياتي
مكان تاريهي يقدم خدمة جيدة نوعا ما ينقصه التطوير
the worst gym ever
I’ve been a loyal member at this gym for 6 years , and unfortunately my recent experience has been extremely disappointing . During my pregnancy , I froze my membership . Later , when I decided to cancel the freeze , the process was poorly handled and I was never clearly informed about my new expiration date . There was zero transparency or proper communication from the management . The very next day after my membership expired , I came with a friend who was invited as a guest ( potentially a new member ) , and we were completely denied entry unless I renewed immediately — with a membership price that was suddenly doubled , despite no new facilities , very limited equipment , and no added value whatsoever . What’s more disappointing is the total lack of appreciation for long - term loyal members . I have raised this issue more than 4 times , each time I’m asked to “file a complaint , ” yet no one ever follows up or resolves anything . Just empty promises and repeated calls with no action . This gym clearly prioritizes short - term profit over customer loyalty , professionalism , and basic respect . I would not recommend this place unless management seriously reconsiders how they treat their long - standing members .
Love this place It’s my getaway during the week Love the massage there with Hagar They just need an elevator badly and to ban cigarettes on the pool
The competence of those in charge is very low بيئة
the gym appears amazing and luxurious at first , but wait until you start , making up weird rules , rude staff ( not all ) , inflexible , almost you are paying money to get stuck in their silly rules . The staff lacks the least skills to deal with clients and they are able to make your mood worse . Their only focus is on their strict rules as if you’re working for them , if you’re late 1 min after 15 min from your class you can’t enter by any means , and tend to be very rude . And everywhere they will reach you to force you to do other silly rules .
The worst gym ever ! The equipment is extremely outdated , and the trainers are unfriendly . I absolutely do not recommend it My membership period was one year .
I went to join new cairo gym and pool and I was chocked by the bad attitude the worker had toward me , stating that that I am too old and they cant accept members older than 60 years old while the woman swimming in the pool was much older ! Its not polite nor business like to have such low mannered employee claiming to be an operation manager too !
Over priced with Plenty of rules that doesn't make sense; 1 - you can't wear a chest bag with your mobile and tiny things in gym floor 2 - you're nit allowed to take off your shoes while Blanking on a Bosso ball with your feets ! - Not to mention CS team is not cooperative , - Freez police is pretty unfair . - They will give you a couple of free sessions and whoever is resposible for it will keep calling and messaging you to subscribe in an extra package with an extra over priced non sense . - They lie about their prices increase in 48 hours to rush you to subscribe then a couple of weeks later prices go down as an offer afterwards ! Trying to catch a financial targets I guess . 3 of their coaches gave me this type of call , prices will increase hurry up , am calling you privately : rolling_on_the_floor_laughing :
The worst gym ever . . . management are very rude and disrespectful
Foreigners stay away ! ! ! They have two menus , one in Arabic with normal prices and one in English with TRIPLE prices ! A salad is 10LE on a regular menus and 60LE om a menus translated to English . Same for meet , 150LE vs 450LE where foreigners are also added 10% service fee while Egyptians don’t . Many local guides recommend this place because they get commissions and free meals from the restaurant . All of them ! Dishonest I came with two Egyptian friends and they were given English aka foreigner menu , but after they insisted on the regular menu , the waiter became angry and mad realizing that I saw the difference in prices . Their prices are high and the food is average . The 350le lamb chops order came with 2 peaces of meat with mostly fat ! No sides included , all paid separate . Food was average . People who came in and ordered after us received their food earlier . They do take cards , which is a plus . Don’t recommend .
المكان حلو والخدمه كويسه كان وقت فطار بس الملوخيه مش احسن حاجه . . : hand_with_index_finger_and_thumb_crossed_light_skin_tone :
We were looking for local experience but left feeling like we had been scammed , so the rest is not worth commenting on
Don't eat there , they will cheat you with prices which they then justify with a salad that they brought while we didn't order and a service charge . We chose it because we thought it was a local shop and not a tourist one , but it is a trap . Also , all the utensils were very dirty , unwashed and so on . I don't recommend it .
مطعم محترم
Ciekawe i rozbudowane menu . Mają pyszne podroby . Ceny przystępne . Obsługa zaangażowana . I po egipsku : "za wystrój nie płacisz" : )
Приятное место , вкусный чай . Очень хороший сервис . Жалко , что нет сладостей к чаю
They charged me the tourist price and I got food poisoning from eating here . . .
مطعم سيء جدا
Love it
اسواء مكان شوفته ومفيش جديه في تعامل واسواء اجهزه
المكان معدوم المصداقيه في الحساب ويقول سعر وشويه يقولي سعر تاني خالص ومفيش دكاتره نهائي فالمكان ده بنات عادي ولا دكاتره ولا حاجه ومش بتصبر عليك تاخد نفسك فالجلسه وبتبقه عايزه تشوف العميل الي بعدك
المكان كويس اوي ونضيف ودكتور هدي من اشطر الدكاتره بجد : heart_suit : : heart_suit :
لا اثق باي مكان القي فيه تقييمات من ابو مراجعة واحدة . عيب عليكم
احب اشكر استاذه هدي جدا علي التعامل الجميل بجد من احسن حد في المكان EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
احسن مركز ليزر عندهم ضمير خاصة د الاء
ناس محترمه وشاطرين ومكان نضيف
العيادة كويسة ودكتور انجي شاطرة
Makan helw awi w dr/huda helwa gedn
دكتور هدي شاطرة جدا وجميلة والمكان كويس ونضافة حلوة والمعاملة كويسة
The doctor is very skilled and has good experience
احلي عياده تجميل واحلي دكتوره هدي بجد والمكان تحفه والدكاترة لذاذ جدا بجد
اجمل مكان ليزر بجد ريسيبشن في قمة الذوق والرقي ودكتور نورهان بجد بجد فوق الممتازة شكرا ليكم جدا علي حسن استقبالكم ومعاملتكم
very clean center & well organized with Proffesional staff
Perfect clinic
المكان كويس جدا وانا بحبه والناس ذوق ودكتور الاء شاطرة جدا
افضل حمام محشي تاكلو في مصر
مشويات جميلة
اكل مميز . . وخدمة متميزة .
مطعم جيد اول اجربه المشويات جيدا جدا
This place doesnt only have the best food ive tried in cairo , but also the employees and the owner are the sweetest people ive met in my life .
مشويات لذيذة واسعار طيبة في متناول الجميع
احلي مكان مشويات في المنيل
Excellent service as always , great team and Kimi once again fixed my hair , so grateful : folded_hands_medium_skin_tone :
صبغت شعري كتير حلو والخدمة ممتازة جدا
The most amazing experience in hair salon , friendly and professional staff . Artist kimi !
من اجمل الصالونات في القاهرة وموقعهم ممتاز ، خدمتهم سريعة وشغلهم ممتاز .
Fantastic and an exceptional results Kim surprised me with an amazing performance so calm so professional good listening for my needs and great performance so professional
I had the roots done by Bob . Good colour . Very satisfied .
جيت لزينه توصية مخصوص لصبغة الشعر وطلعت تحفه : thumbs_up_light_skin_tone : : thumbs_up_light_skin_tone : : thumbs_up_light_skin_tone : : thumbs_up_light_skin_tone : فرع الزمالك تسلم ايدينها شغلها جميل
تعامل جدا رائع من قبل موظفين الاستقبال والكوافير نونو شغله ممتاز
I also dyed my hair and i’m so happy el hmdl
The best salon EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
Zeina in Zamalek branch made our new year eve very special : beating_heart : : beating_heart : now I can enter the new year with a fresh haircut . The best : hundred_points :
Best hair dresser in town
Very helpful and fast service
Best service hair die with kimi i always come to him from the airport , also hair extensions and blowdry
Amazing salon with such a great vibe and professional team . Highly recommend trying it and booking with Abanoub and Daniel zamalek branch . For haircuts , Joe is simply the best Highly skilled and always gets it right .
Amazing experience . I feel like a movie star !
Very good service and stuff
متعاونة وترحب بطلاب الامتياز
اهتمام ورعاية صحية جيدة
خدمه متوسطه
مستشفي لا تساعد في الشفاء بل تحجز لك تذكرة الي الاخرة والمكان مليئ بالعدوي والدماء والحقن المتناثرة في الارض . من الاخر مفيش صحة في كل مستشفيات مصر الحكومية او الجامعية
سلام عليكم مستشفي عندهم برود اوي مريض تعبان مفروض يعلقون دم محاليل برود غير طبيعي و اهمال
مستشفي حكومي ممتازة في الخدمات العامة
I love how every element on the plate screams quality EMO_POS I recommend 100% worth the price . If you don’t like overly seasoned food and If you appreciate the food quality this and the authentic Italian taste then I would recommend visiting this place EMO_POS
Pricy but yummy food
Strano da dire ma si mangia Strepitosa ente bene , meglio che in numerosi ristoranti d livello italiani , chef egiziano pazzesco , il tutto in un luogo veramente magico
Very spcial place Staff gomal gdn Spcially Mohamed : heart_hands : : heart_hands :
Over priced for average Italian food . Nothing creative
Best Italian food ever
I honestly couldn’t have chosen a better place to host my gathering : white_heart : From the moment we arrived , everything was just perfect ! A very special thank you to Mr . Mohamed Sobhy , who went above and beyond to make the whole experience smooth , comfortable , and truly enjoyable for everyone . The team was incredibly friendly , professional , and welcoming . They made us feel at home . And the food… absolutely amazing ! The pasta , pizza , and of course the affogato were outstanding , every bite was a delight and warm . I can’t recommend this restaurant enough . Whenever you are looking for a great experience , this place delivers on every level . A perfect experience from start to finish : italy : : sparkles :
The best Italy : italy : food in cairo : melting_face : : melting_face : : melting_face :
Definitely worth a try , fresh , well made , exactly how you'de imagine it .
The comparison is a bit unfair as my experience in Dai Pescatori Dahab is way different and marvelous , the place offers quality and freshness but is not compared to Dahab’s branch whatsoever . . However it is still one of the best Italian cuisine spots in Cairo and suitable for a calm unique evening EMO_POS
I saw that other reviews rated Dai Pescatori as either absolutely stellar or completely abysmal , so I really didn't know what to expect . Turns out , it was lovely ! The music was Mexican and the art was a mix of Egyptian/Sufi mysticism , but the food was 100% Italian . The space was calm , clean , the servers seemed like naturally happy people , and the food was amazing . I highly recommend the lasagna ! We'll be back for sure and try the desserts as well . I do want to address the cost complaint that many seem to have , though . It's true that the dishes were probably the most expensive I've seen , particularly considering the portions . If they go any higher , it likely won't be worth it as a customer . However , I always try to consider operational costs . You cannot realistically compare a restaurant located in Sarayat to have the same prices as somewhere in , say , Hadayek; the rent ( and space ) for the building , the quality of staff ( who I hope are getting paid a living wage ) , the quality of ingredients , maintenance , the education and skill of the chef and kitchen staff , etc . . . they're just not the same . When you go out to eat , you're paying for the location , convenience , experience , hygiene , and ( God - willing ) good food . Put simply , you get what you pay for . Enjoy !
الطعام جميل البيتزا احلي بس السعر اغلي ما مر علي من جيت مصر . . . . التعامل ممتاز جدا . . . شباب مؤدبين
من افضل المطاعم في القاهرة ، تجربة ايطالية بامتياز ووجهة لمحبي النكهات الحقيقية ، انصح فيه وبشدة
authentic italian home made pasta EMO_POS
Amazing food and service
The resturant is very calm and has a relaxing vibe . It’s perfect for dates and couples as jt’s quiet . The food is delicious and very authentic . The pizza was especially amazing ! It’s a bit expensive but totally worth the experience ! Highly recommend
Love this place ! Both in Dahab and Maadi . Amazing food quality and great service .
The food was really good and tasty and the service also was great especial thanks to Mohamed sobhi
Really very bad experience the pizza is same like cheap pizza and not italian at all . Also the tiramisu is very small and not tasty at all really it is very bad experience and very expensive compared to the quality of food . Sure will not come again . Update after your silly comment : Please save my comment to return back to this after your empty restaurant closes : face_with_tears_of_joy :
جيد الكفته مقبوله وفيه نسبه ضوضاء و الخدمه مش احسن حاجه
Friendly staff and excellent kebab&kofta . مشاوي ممتازة ومعاملة طيبة .
الطرب عنده جميل جدا واسعاره مناسبه والخدمه ناس محترمه
Dans une région in populaire
اكله حلوه انا زبون عنده من زمن
مطعم ممتاز وخدمة مميرزة وتعامل رائع انصح به
اكل لذيذ ونظيف
The best fatah shawerma in the world . . . I've been eating it for 15 years and the quality and taste is still the same
Unfortunately , my experience at the restaurant was disappointing . The prices are quite high compared to the level of service . I expected a much better experience for the price .
Customer service is not good as thier food
المكان جميل جدا . الخدمة اكثر من ممتازة . الطعام ولا اروع . تجربة تحفة . تستحق التكرار اكثر من مرة
I enjoyed every dish I ordered , with fresh , delicious , juicy meat , rice , and everything else was truly excellent . Many thanks to Mahmoud for the service , as well as Alaa . EMO_POS : ok_hand : : two_hearts :
الاكل لذيذ والمكان حلو
Amazing Egyptian food . The place is nice and clean . Food is amazing . Service is top . Enjoy it .
انا كنت طالب اوردر قعد سعتين وفي الاخر موصلش والكول سينتر بيتعامل باسلوب وحش جدا وحقيقي انا ندمان اني فضلت مستني اكل لمده سعتين وفي الاخر موصلش ولاغيت الاوردر عشان الاسلوب بتاعكم الاكل حلو اه جميل لكن المعامله وحشه جدا ودي اخر مره اطلب من عندكم حقيقي كنت بطلب من ٢٠١٧ بس خلاص شكرا جدا
Best pizza in town !
اكل كويس بيجددووالمكان القديم فالاعده مش احسن حاجه
يا ولاد اللعيبة
مكان تحفه و جميل جدا و الناس محترمه في التعامل
جربته من ترشيح حد وبصراحه هو مميز جدا جدا في الفطاير الحلوه و الحادقه مجربتش بصراحه باقي المنيو بس المكان بس محتاج يبقي اوسع و يتنظم شويه عن كده
Best fetera ever
انصح الجميع في تجربته
Excellent food
الاكل اكتر من رائع و الخدمة ممتازة و جربته اكتر من مرة في اكتر من حاجة و اخرهم الباستا كانت جامدة جدا و ثابت علي المستوي جدا و اول مكان بفكر اطلب منه اكل من بره استمروا
دكتور فادي رياض اعظم دكتور تعاملت معاه بجد قوي
دكتور ممتاز و يهتم بالمرضي ويحترم مواعيده ودقيق في عمله
افتح عندنا في الصعيد يا دكتور : grinning_face : : grinning_face :
تسلم و الله يا د فادي تعبتك معايا
we are blessed by having Dr Fady as our dentist : folded_hands :
خلعت ضرس العقل والالم كان بسيط جدا حقيقي . . . دكتور ممتاز جدا EMO_POS EMO_POS
محستش بحاجه خالص و انا بخلع ضرس العقل كل حاجه كويسه و نضيفه انا كنت اصلا مرعوب و الدكتور خلعه في ثواني
All is good doctor was a professional work
excellent service and really accommodating staff . Dr Fady Is always avaible and the clinic is in an excellent location . I recommend you to come by and check out this doctor . My personal favorite Doctor Fady Riad .
دكتور فادي من اجمل الشخصيات التعاملت معاها وشاطر جدا
I’ve been visiting Dr . Fady for 10 years , and I can honestly say that the experience has always been outstanding . From the moment you walk in , the office is welcoming , and the staff is incredibly friendly . Dr . Fady is professional , thorough , and always takes the time to explain procedures and options in detail , making me feel at ease every time . I’ve had everything from routine cleanings to more complex treatments , and I’ve always been impressed with the quality of care and attention to detail . The team uses the latest technology , which makes a big difference in both comfort and the precision of their work . I never feel rushed , and Dr . Fady truly listens to any concerns or questions I have . It’s clear that they genuinely care about their patients and their dental health . Highly recommend to anyone looking for a reliable and compassionate dentist !
بجد ناس محترمه و شغلهم متميز و شكرا لدكتور فادي و الاطباء اللي معاه كلهم
مكان هادي ونظيف
تسلم ايديهم
احلي كريب بانيه و استربس حار
Bad quality and not testy
تم
تجربة جيدة ومفيدة
Tolle zentrale Lage direkt am Nil mit herrlichstem Blick zum Nil , über die Stadr bis hin zu den mächtigen Pyramiden auf dem Plateau von Gize . Sehr empfehlenswert . Frühstück übersichtlich , aber dafür frisch und lecker . Sehr zugewandtes freundliches Personal . Uns wurde ein unentgeldlich Ugrade angevoten . Wir waren sehr zufrieden . Waren bereits 3 mal zu Gast hier im Hotel .
Çalışanlar Güler yüzlü ve samimi otel temiz genel olarak herkese tavsiye edilir
Herrie van partyboten , straat verkeer en oproepen tot gebed is zelfs op 38e etage goed hoorbaar , tot diep in de nacht . De smog is goed zichtbaar en de airco is niet te gebruiken door de stank . De wifi is er nauwelijks op de kamer . Soms zie je de pyramides en soms zelfs de overkant van de Nijl niet . De service is zeer goed . Onderhoud pand zeer matig . Ontbijt op kamer is royaal , heet en van goede kwaliteit . Omgeving is matig , behalve de view . Restaurants in de buurt zijn matig .
Oda güzel ve temizdi . Kahvaltısı harikaydı . Ama dış çok başarılı değildi . Temizlik , personel ilgisi gayet iyiydi . Manzara çok güzeldi .
38ste verdieping , prachtig uitzicht inclusief op de piramides . Goede service , ontbijt op het balkon . Vriendelijke staf . Alles redelijk schoon en netjes .
فندق متميز الموقع ممتاز وتعامل الموظفين قمة في الادب الغرف نظيفة ومتوفر فيها كل شيء
انا سعودي الغرفة اللي اخذتها صغيرة مره بس نظيفة الاستقبال الدور الاول فنانين ومحترمين ومحترفين الفطور خورافي توقعت وصخ الامان منتاز فيه 39 دور الانترنت في دور 38 ضعيف بس يمشي الحال السعر بالنسبة للغرفة مناسب حولك ماك و كنتاكي وبرجر كنج اطلاله علي النيل فيه مكيف وسخانة الفيش ثلاثي
شكرا لادارة الفندق علي النظافة الممتازة للغرفة والحمام ، وعلي طعام الافطار الجيد . كما اشكر موظفة الاستقبال نانسي علي حسن التعامل والخدمات المميزة التي قدمتها لي خلال الاقامة . تجربة رائعة محمد العودي
Rooms were quite nice , especially for the price . Loved the black out curtains ( great for getting over jet lag ) . Would love to visit again
الفندق مهتم في النظافة وايضا الاستقبال كان جدا راقي من الجميع وخصوصا الاستاذ كرم ابو مروان
اطلالة ممتازة وطقم المشرفين والمنظفين ممتاز تعامل ممتاز
صراحه الموقع جميل جدا ع النيل واطلاله اروعه وحاب اشكر الاستاذه /والاستاذ/ نانسي و محمود علي حسن الاستقبال الجميل جدا وحسن المعامله والذوق راح اكرر الزياره مره ثانيه اكيد : smiling_face_with_hearts :
فندق نظيف العاملين جدا محترمين طاقم الرسبشن خلوقين الاستاذ محمود ونانسي وعلياء قمة في الاخلاق " والجميلة خلق واخلاق دعاء متعاونه واي شي تطلبه تحاول تلبيه بصراحة باذن الله اكرر تجربتي معاهم شكرا ادارة وموظفي فندق نايل فيو ان : smiling_face_with_hearts :
Una de los mejores experiencia en en el corazón del Cairo , el Hotel es súper lujo , los trabajadores y la recepcionista son muy amables y te ayudan por cualquier cosa las habitaciones son súper limpias en total lo hemos pasado genial
Fantastisk utsikt från hotellrummet över Kairo , på en klar dag kunde man se pyramiderna . Personalen var vänlig och hjälpsam med allt vi behövde . Receptionisten var tillgänglig dygnet runt och gav tips om vad man kan göra i Kairo . Rummen var fina och rena . Vi gillade det så mycket att vi till och med förlängde vår vistelse med fyra dagar . Fantastiskt hotell !
يجمع كل طلباتك في سقف واحد
العمال بتتخانق مع بعض علي كلام الجيست اللي راحوا
ممكن ممتاز وهادي والناس بتشتغل فيه قمة في الذوق والتعاون
مكان رائع ل شراء البدل و الملابس و الكاجوال
لو سمحتوا في بالطو طويل او هاف برجاء الرد
Had a great experience at Hashems Dental Clinic . The dentist and staff were very professional and friendly . The scaling procedure was thorough and painless . The clinic was clean and comfortable , which made me feel at ease throughout the treatment . Thank you for providing such excellent service ! I’ll definitely return for follow - up treatments .
warm hospitability and great service : thumbs_up_light_skin_tone :
خدمه ممتازه جدا ، الف شكر دكتور هاشم
The treatment was good : thumbs_up_light_skin_tone :
Thank you so much , doctor . I’m really grateful for your work . You’re excellent at what you do . : face_holding_back_tears : EMO_POS
Good environment , skillfull doctor and very kind workers .
Great dental clinic with a very clean and comfortable environment , Everything feels professional and well maintained .
Good but a little expensive the doctor and nurse did a great job removing my wisdom teeth and friendly too
best dental clinic in nasr city
Great hospitality , good equipment and best doctor !
The clinic was very comfortable and the doctor and nurses are very friendly . This was my first experience being a patient here but I already love it . I feel no pain during the treatment : flexed_biceps_light_skin_tone : : flexed_biceps_light_skin_tone :
The dentist was very thorough and reassuring . I was worried about my teeth and gums , but everything was carefully checked and clearly explained . The scaling and occlusal adjustment were done gently and professionally . The clinic was clean , and the staff were polite . Overall , a good and comforting experience .
J’avais une forte douleur à une dent de sagesse , je les ai contacté le soir et ils m’ont donné rendez vous dès le lendemain matin , le dentiste m’a extrait ma dent de sagesse en 10minutes , les prix sont raisonnables , le médecin hyper gentil et a l’écoute , réactivité et propreté au rendez vous . Je recommande
I had a very unfortunate experience with another clinic , the situation was extremely urgent , since I didn’t live in Cairo and needed immediate assistance with having a crown on an implant , only one day before my flight . I contacted Dr . Hashems clinic and the response was almost immediate ! He took me in right away , and started working on a plan to resolve the issue . Dr . Hashem and his team were very kind , knowledgeable , helpful , understanding , and friendly ! And they were able to get that crown installed in less than two hours ! Can’t recommend this place enough to everyone ! And it will be my future destination for any dental work in Cairo going forward ! Big thank you to you Dr . and to your team : smiling_face :
Dr hashem is really friendly with malaysian , thats why we malaysian love this clinic
معامله وحشه و حاجاتهم غاليه عن الباقي و اداره فاشله و ناس شغالين في قمه قله الذوق
سوبر ماركت مهزق و ادارته فاشله زي اللي بياخد الطلبات بالظبط و اللي بيرد ع التليفون قليل الذوق و مبيفهمش
مفيش اي احترافية في التعامل واحد من الي شاغلين بيتبلي عليا اني خد حاجه من غير ما ادفع تمنها و وقفني بعد ما طلعت من الماركت بشوية علم وسخه
ماركت جيد ومتنوع الاصناف جدا و الناس زوق جدا
ممتاز : ok_hand :
الفول مميز وخاصة الاسكندراني رائع الطعمية جيدة الباذنجان المخلل ممتاز الناس محترمين وخدومين خدمة التوصيل سريعة ومتاح من خلال تطبيق طلبات المكان بسيط و مساحة معقولة للجلوس السعر اعلي من المتوسط
جميبل
Super tasty
Need improvements
EMO_NEG : index_pointing_up :
الكاشير الاقرع تعامله سخيف جدا جدا جدا جدا جدا واسعاركم اغلي من متوسط الاماكن
سوبر ماركت وحش جدا و معامله وحشه مرشحهوش لالد اعدائي
Good : blue_heart : : blue_heart : : blue_heart :
جيد لكن الاسعار تحتاج مراجعة
Need 1 more cable cross machine And a free squat rack and it will be perfect
My home : fire : EMO_POS
المعدات بقت قديمه ومفيش تطوير
جيم محترم و كل الناس متعونه بصراحه و الاستقبال بتعهم كويس جدا
جيم نضيف وكل الكابتن محترمين الصراحه ومن نجاح لنجاح
چيم كبير واسم محترم
100%
My home EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
يعتبر محدش عنده ذوق في المكان ده وكله كلاب وقطط المستوي المهني تعبان جدا وخصوصا في تقارير محاضر الشرطة في الاصابات
د تامر حامد من اروع مديري هذا المستشفي بالتوفيق
جيد انصح به الجميع الخدمات روعه
سرعة استجابة وتطعيم مجاني خدمة ممتازة ٢٤ساعة
لا حول ولا قوه الا بالله العلي العظيم
When there today , fast and efficient and free . . amazing service ( got bitten by a dog ) the hall process took me less than 10 minutes
4 stars rating just for the service I used , which is a rabies shot . Very quick to administer and an easy process . When you enter , stop at the gate and explain to the gate clerk what you need , he will give you a paper , head to ER and get a Dr to write the details of the incident , then head out to a small caravan to the right of the ER to get the shot .
معاملة سيئة
مستشفي جميله وسريعه جدا وفيها مصل تطعيم للكلاب
الجيم بقاله فترة مش شغال و مفيش رقم للتواصل
مكاني المفضل تحياتي وتقديري لحضراتكم
Went to the abaya shop for a freaking expensive piece , asked for the edge to be folded , and the trimmed it instead . Not only did they make me wait for an extra hour ask promised , they did not offer appropriate compensation . Would not recommend to come by and make any purchases .
Great mall
موديلات قديمه
موقع رائع وعلي النيل مباشرة يقع داخل فندق هيلتون جراند نايل تاور امام مستشفي القصر العيني . ويوجد فيه محلات قطونيل للملابس الداخلية وتحف وهدايا فضية وبازار تحف فرعونية وكذلك صيدلية ومحلات ملابس جميلة وعطورات واكوافير وتجميل وكذلك يوجد محلات شنط وملابس اطفال وغيرها . ويظم كذلك مسرح مصر . وسينما لعرض احدث الافلام العربية والاجنبي في الدور الاخير مع المنظر الرائع علي النيل
متوسط
مميزة
May God improve what is in your hands Truly , the best specialist doctors are Dr . Saleh Jamil , may God bless you , and Dr . Hossam Zeidan .
المستشفي بتقدم الفحص الطبي المطلوب للحج في مبني العيادات الخارجية لانها ضمن المستشفيات الحكومية المعتمدة من الوزارة وبتعطي شهادة الافادة المميكنة عليها ختم النسر . بيعملوا بامانة الكشف الطبي والتحاليل والاشعة المطلوبة للحج علي مدار يومين وبيكون فية عاملة بتلف مع الحاج علي كل العيادات والاقسام المطلوب ضمن برنامج الفحص وتحجز الدور وغيره لتيسير الاجراءات
Better than before .
مستشفي محترم وخدمه ممتازه
نتمني الشفاء للجميع باذن الله
خدمة ممتازه
كويسه جدا
Bad services
حكومي في رداء الخاص ، او خاص في رداء الحكومي ، تجربتي معها ليست جيدة
Very bad attitude especially the security at the emergency entrance . Unfortunately there is mismanagement and no one controls or supervise the security .
زفت Doesn’t recommend Poor staff Poor co ordination Poor ultrasound and CT examination Pricing doesn’t reflect an actual quality
I had a wonderful stay at Bella Casa Hostel . The hostel has a warm and welcoming atmosphere that makes you feel at home from the moment you arrive . The location in downtown Cairo is excellent , making it easy to explore the city’s main attractions , restaurants , and cafés . The staff were very friendly and helpful , always ready to assist with recommendations or anything needed during the stay . It’s a great place for travelers looking for comfort , good value , and a social environment while visiting Cairo .
Great service , okay rooms for the price . Clean with all essentials . A bit hard to find though the entrance is a sketchy staircase with no signage , I recommend adding a sign at street level .
Clean and comfortable rooms in a great location . Complimentary drinks and coffee in the common kitchen , very helpful and friendly staff . For great Egyptian food nearby , go to Kazan restaurant down the street .
I had an awesome time staying at Bella Hostel ! It’s right in the middle of Cairo , at Midan Talat Harb , so you’re super close to everything literally . . restaurants , galleries , you name it . It’s perfect if you don’t want to spend ages in transportation . The team there . . . Mirna , Sahar , and Om Mohamed were amazing . They made us feel so welcome and really went out of their way to help . The place was super clean , and the rooms and bathrooms were well kept . Yeah , the water pressure is a bit on the gentle side , but that just adds to the vintage charm of the place . If you’re after something super luxurious , this might not be it , but if you want that authentic , vintage Cairo vibe , you’ll love it . It really feels like stepping into the heart of the city . The kitchen’s got everything you need for a quick meal or breakfast , and the views are pretty awesome , as you can see in the pics . All in all , I had a fantastic stay and would totally recommend Bella Hostel if you want to experience Cairo in a genuine way EMO_POS
Tesisin sadece konumu çok iyi temizlik hijyen 0 yataklar berbat ötesi yerde yatsanız daha iyi mecburiyetten bir gece kaldım ve ikinci günün ücretini ödememe rağmen erken çıkış yaptım .
Some practical points to prepare for , based on my experience : - The building is on a lively street with outdoor restaurant seating below , popular for food and shisha at night . Expect noise from cars and people through the night; the windows don’t block sound well . - The building is very old with a distinct cat urine smell on entry . The beautiful art deco stairs and walls show signs of sinking and wear . Be ready to climb stairs , as accommodations are on higher floors offering views . - My room had a private bathroom and clean bath towels , which was nice . However : - The shower head knob was broken with a plastic replacement limiting movement . - Water pressure in the shower was mostly low with occasional bursts . - The sink tap was broken and ran scalding hot even near the cold setting; it also leaked water onto and below the sink . - Slippers were provided but were worn , dirty , oversized men’s slippers . - Windows offer a decent neighborhood view but are wooden - framed with mostly covered glass , letting little light in when closed . You need to open them fully for fresh air and light , but this invites flies . The windows have a broken triangular hole—fine in mild weather but could cause cold drafts or let in insects depending on season . Ask for extra sheets in winter or insect protection in summer . - The floor air conditioning was very noisy , making sleep difficult even with earplugs . - Despite requesting a balcony room , my message was unanswered and I did not get one . - Due to these issues , I left 1 night early and moved to a different accommodation .
Otelin dışarıdan herhangi bir tabelası yok . Konum tam değil yerini bulmak için tam 1 . 5 saat dolaşıp durduk . Oteli aradık , mesaj attık cevap veren kimse olmadı . Bulunca asansörünün olmadığını gördük ve valizleri yukarı çıkartamadık . Rezervasyonu onaylamak için yukarı çıktığımızda da daha fazla ücret istendi daha farklı bir odaya geçirilmek istendik . Her şeyi önceden konuştuğumuzu söylememize rağmen 1 saat boyunca o şekilde bekletildik . İptal etmek istediğimizde bizim taleplerimizi kabul edeceklerini söylediler ama artık iş işten geçmişti zaten . Başka otele yerleştik bir daha da bu otelin önünden dahi geçmek istemem . Eğer geçecek olursanız apartman girişinde sıçanlarla karşılacağınızı da göz önünde bulundurun !
The hostel is very nice . . clean . and quite . Great location of cairo centre . I dont know why people are complaining alot . Dont expect much . . fo the price i found it fare . 20 euros a night is what you get . . clean beds . . descent shower . . Enophe complaining . The receptionist Mohamad is sweet heart . . helps alot
Its great hostel to live with great manger there so decent with you . . very clean place and so kind dealing there good trip
Good service , safe , comfortable rooms , friendly staff , and very clean place .
宿泊施設は、期待外れというよりも、衛生かつ安全面でも不安があり、他の旅行者が同じような思いにならないよう防ぎたくレビューを書きます。 結論から、おすすめしません。 虚偽の掲載、写真、間違った住所、掃除の行き届いていない宿です。 アゴダで「Bella Casa Hostel」を予約しましたが、サイトに掲載されている写真とはまったく異なり、非常に不快な体験をしました。 まず、Google検索すると「La Bella Casa Hostel」という名前の宿泊所が近くに表示されますが、この場所は存在しないフェイクです。 アゴダやブッキングドットコムに記載されている住所は正確ではなく、41度の猛暑の中、約1時間半も探し回る羽目になりました。しかも、建物の外には宿の名前を示す看板も一切ありません。 チェックイン時間は12 : 00のはずが、13 : 45に到着した時点で「前の客が出たばかりだから待ってくれ」と言われ、待たされた事に強く不審な気持ちになりました。 スタッフの方は笑顔ですが、ゲストが欲している事を理解することが難しい様でした。 宿泊するゲストの気持ちになっていただけたら、ここにツラツラと書いた内容は対応できるはずです。残念な気持ちでしかありません。
The place is so clean , comfortable like home : house : , And the receptionist there are so friendly and nice : smiling_face_with_hearts :
I had a wonderful stay at La Bella Casa Hostel ! The atmosphere is warm and welcoming , and the staff go out of their way to make you feel at home . The rooms were clean and comfortable , with all the basics you need for a relaxing stay . I especially appreciated the common areas—perfect for meeting other travelers or just unwinding after a day out . The location is great too , close to local attractions , restaurants , and public transport . Highly recommend if you’re looking for a cozy , affordable , and friendly place to stay !
Very nice hostel , the rooms are spacious and the air conditioning works very well . Have option of room with frigobar and a shared small kitchen with microwave ( no stove ) . The team who works in the hostel are very attentive . Don't have washing machine , but they offer the service of laundry paid . Don't have elevator , it's in the third floor . Good location , next of the Egyptian museum .
They can kick you out from your room and tell you to move to another room more expensive because they wanted to give your room to another people , and no even please or thank you , or i make you a better price . Also i had seen this threat to other people . One greek guy was 2hours waiting to be attended , to do the check in . A brasilian girl with IT nationality , was rip off . Same room i payed 600LE , she payed 20€ .
بيطلبوا اسعار اضعاف ما هو مكتوب علي بوكينج و مواقع الحجز
One of the best places I’ve ever stayed in . The owner Hassan and the rest of the staff were lovely and helpful .
جودة عادية اسعار مبالغ فيها لاانصح به
اسعار جيده وتنوع في الملابس
اسعاره غاليه جدا ولمه بتكون فيه عروض مش بتكون علي الحاجه الكويسه اللي الواحد يقول هتدفع فيه المبلغ و الخدمه سيئه
مكان جميل ومناسب للشباب وهدم رائعه وباسعار مناسبه وخدمه عملا ممتازة
احلي جيم احلي كباتن مكان جميل
موظفين في قمة السوء وعدم المهنية لا انصح نهائيا بالتعامل مع الفرع ده تجربة سيئة
I give negative due the fact I have not being considered , waiting for 15min and ignored . With only 2 tables serving . Maybe cause I was alone and for them not bringing much money? Let's say the 2 waiters and head of sala were busy somewhere else . So I left Inside is nice btw : )
Ottima colazione , cappuccino e croissant molto buoni , unico appunto il cornetto al cioccolato era farcito solo esternamente e non all'interno come dovrebbe essere . Nel complesso però buono , un po pieno di burro , ma buono ! D'altra parte sono le loro usanze e tradizioni , quindi ci sta !
The food and the service are very good .
Thanks a lot Zakaria ! You are amazing ! Friendly and lovely
More expensive . .
المكان حلو و رايق و خصوصا شيماء و مستر هاني لطيفين جدا
Delicious lentil soup , tuna panini , but smoking is allowed and can be uncomfortable for those not familiar with local customs .
Very nice place with good coffee and delicious croissant )
روزين good service I recommend to visit the cafe
Thank u hayde on cafe cornich
Great oasis of peace and good service . Waiter Haidy was excellent .
Wonderful service by Hassan . Loved my first experience with Turkish coffee at cafe corniche
Highest quality
Not so cozy of an environment since it's inside a hotel lobby and no Nile view . Turkish coffee came with two pieces of Turkish delight which was nice , but ended up costing 300 LE ( $6?? ! ! ! ) which is outrageous in a country where you can grab a coffee for 20 LE elsewhere . No problem with the service , just the price and atmosphere .
اشكر عبدالرحمن ولد ممتاز و خدمه ممتازه من الكافيه اشكره من المغرب
خدمه ممتازه من النادل عبدالرحمن و مهرائيل و بشكرهم علي الاحترام و التقدير EMO_POS EMO_POS
The staff are so friendly and amazing . The food was 5 star . We enjoyed sitting here everyday just to see the smiles . Thankyou for making our holiday special .
اختيار مميز وتشكيلة جيدة من الحلويات الغربية كافيه كورنيش حسن محمد
راع جدا وكرم هني جميل وطريقت كلمو حلوه مع اناس : heart_suit :
الكافي ولا اروع
من افضل جلسات المساج الي سويتها بالقاهره
المكان حلو والجلسه ممتازه
مساج سيء جدا جد ولايطلق عليه مساج
غير جيد
المساج سيء جدا لا انصح فيه
زفت الزفت
Nice , clean and friendly : pink_heart :
المكان تم نقله
مكان تحفة امام النيل في برج 39دور
Suitable for short stays very good value for money
تحفه ونضيف والمعامله حلوه اوي والموقع حلو وجنبه كل حاجه
Nice stay Highly recommended
Super d tt bn accueil bn personnel bn endroit . vraiment super : pink_heart : bn continuation l’équipe
un hotel espectacular ! muy buena atención y comodidad , además que tiene un ubicación increíble : star : : star : : star : : star : : star :
Personale gentilissimo , buona colazione e posizione molto comoda per uscire a piedi
فندق حرفيا في وسط البلد . موقع اكثر من رائع كل الاماكن قريبة مع وجوده في شارع داخلي ليس فيه ضوضاء . مقارنة بالاسعار سعره تنافسي . عليك اختيار غرفة بشباك ففط
I had a great stay at this hotel in Downtown . Everything was perfect from the moment I arrived . |The reception staff were very welcoming , professional , and always ready to help . ||The room was clean , comfortable , and well organized , with great attention to details . |Housekeeping was excellent , and cleanliness was clearly a top priority . ||Breakfast was fresh , tasty , and had a good variety of options . |The overall service and attitude of the staff made the stay even more enjoyable — everyone was polite , respectful , and friendly .
: star : : star : : star : : star : : star : Paradise Boutique Hotel||Great stay at Paradise Boutique Hotel . The staff were friendly and helpful , especially the lady at the reception who was very polite and welcoming . Check - in was smooth and comfortable . The location is also very good , making it easy to move around and access nearby places . Overall , a pleasant experience and good value for money . Would definitely recommend and stay again .
The staff is very friendly and accomodating . The hotel is quiet private and clean . The wifi is strong and the breakfast is great . The location is close to so many retail shops and eateries . It is super convenient . I enjoyed my stay in Cairo and at Cairo Paradise Hotel
سيئ جدا و خدمة عملاء غير متجاوب
‏سيئ للغاية وانصحكم بعدم الذهاب اليه
سيء جدا : cross_mark : : cross_mark : : cross_mark_button :
مافي خدمات
طاقم سيئ جدا ، ومعاملة اسؤا لا انصح به : cross_mark :
سيء جدا اخذو السخان علي اساس يزبطوه وحطوه فغرفة ثانية وجلست 3 ايام بدون سخان للماء : cross_mark :
Nice place and good teem work and perfect location in downtown i have a good nights 100 . . 100 . And good . . . Price in downtown
Had a great stay , everything was nice . |In the middle of cairo , everything was great , the reception was such a nice people
: smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : the best hotel in cairo |heba is friendly cute and helpful
بعض المنتجات مش موجودة غير عندو
سوق به كل المنتجات والاسعار في المتناول لكل الطبقات
كل ما تحتاج اليه مع سعر مميز
Très bon salon , et prenent trop soin des clients EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
Excellent service
AMAZING !
Amzing service !
نظرا لجفاف بشرتي الشديد مؤخرا ، حجزت جلسة ترطيب عميق . مع ذلك ، اقتصرت معظم الجلسة علي تنظيف عميق مع ترطيب طفيف . خضعت لجلسة تقشير دقيق ، وتنظيف بالملعقة ، وازالة الرؤوس السوداء ، وجلسة تفتيح البشرة . لكن من الواضح ان المعالجة لم تكن تجيد استخدام جهاز التقشير الدقيق والملعقة بشكل صحيح ؛ كانت العملية مؤلمة للغاية ، وشعرت بالم شديد في بشرتي . هذا النوع من العلاج يلحق الضرر بالطبقة القرنية من الجلد . طلبت ايضا جلسة مانيكير في نفس الوقت ، بتكلفة 300 جنيه مصري . لكنها اقتصرت علي تقليم الجلد المحيط بالاظافر فقط ، دون وضع طلاء اظافر . بعد طلبي ، وضعت طلاء الاظافر بشكل سطحي ، ما لم يكن مانيكيرا علي الاطلاق . علاوة علي ذلك ، استغرق طلاء الاظافر وقتا طويلا ليجف ( 10 دقائق ) وكان غير متناسق . اضافة الي ذلك ، كان روتين العناية بالبشرة لديها دون المستوي المطلوب ، ومع ذلك طلبت 2200 جنيه مصري . اعتقد انها لم تتخرج من تدريبها الطبي . انها لا تعرف كيفية استخدام ادوات التجميل بشكل صحيح لتقديم تجربة خدمة افضل لزبائنها .
I went to dehya salon today I do my hair with Mr eslam he is very good and nice : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : EMO_POS EMO_POS
The place is super clean and the staff is super friendly and nice !
Perfect bgd w kolhm professional eslam w abod w shahd w mayada bgdd highly recommended EMO_POS
رحتلهم علي الاسعار حقت المنيو و جاني واحد طويل و نحيف وكان لابس اسود اداني اسعار مختلفه لان عرفو اننا خليجيين و يقولون انها الاسعار الجديده و غير عن منيو القديم في الواتساب و كنا حاجزين معاهم اكريليك نيلز من ٦ ونص و خلونا نسوي فيك نيلز مع جيل الساعه ١٠ و يدخلون ناس يسوون لهم قبلنا و الجيل ثاني يوم بدا يتقشر و التركيب مركبين ظفر عريض ظفر صغير و مسوين ظفر مايل و ظفر مشطوف و طلعلنا فطريات التونسيه كان تعاملها كويس بس الي يزعل انها عارفه و كل الاستف يعرفون انو ناصب علينا و كيف تبغون عملاء دائمين عندكم و هذا قاعد ينصب علي كيفه ؟ فين الذمه و الضمير و حاول فينا ندفع فلوس كاش We checked the prices on their WhatsApp menu , but when we arrived , a tall , slim guy wearing black gave us completely different prices after realizing we were Gulf customers . He claimed these were “new prices” and different from the old menu . We had booked acrylic nails at 6 : 30 PM , but they made us wait until 10 PM and convinced us to do fake nails with gel instead . Meanwhile , they kept letting other customers go before us . The gel started peeling the very next day . The nail application was terrible — one nail was wide , another was small , one was crooked , another was unevenly filed . On top of that , we ended up with fungal infections . The Tunisian staff member had a good attitude , but what’s disappointing is that she and the rest of the staff clearly knew what was happening . If this is how you treat customers , how do you expect to have loyal clients? Where is the honesty and professionalism? He even tried to make us pay in cash . Very unprofessional and disappointing experience . I would not recommend this place .
Great lash lift service in Cairo
Firstly the staff is so friendly , love going there , they are great with customers . Eslam is genuinely the best hairdresser I’ve been to . He knows what he’s doing and puts hard work to make everything turn out like I wanted . I’ve coloured my hair twice , got my extensions refilled , styled my hair with him and never left disappointed once !
جربت الصبغة مع شهد واعجبتني مرة والنيلز مع ميادة مرة حلو عسولات البنات وتعامل جميل جدا واسلوب : white_heart : اكرر الزيارة
Islam great hairstylist . I did my roots but am going back for highlights .
Thank you so much Gigi and shahd ! Booked in for my mum and myself for hair wash , mask , cut and styling . Very welcoming team and great service
سويت جل اكستشن مع مياده فنانه وسريعه وصحبتي سوت لون عادي ونظيف مع شهد اشكرهم جدا EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
Mayada and shahad an amazing work for me really i love this place and all salon is very clean . Recommend all freinds thanks Dehya team
Abood Islam juju and all staff thank you feisal I see this salon I happy I recommend all I see you soon I’m in Kuwait I love this salon and also feisal I love coffee
I visited Dehya Beauty Salon in New Cairo and had a great overall experience . I got several treatments done , including hair services , a facial , spa pedicure , and manicure . Islam did my hair , and he was extremely professional and knowledgeable . He really knew what he was doing and didn’t try to oversell or push unnecessary treatments—he focused only on what my hair actually needed , which I really appreciated . The staff were friendly , professional , and welcoming . I was very happy with the results of all the services and would definitely recommend the salon to anyone looking for quality treatments and honest advice .
Great experience and super kind and professional staff !
Best beauty salon ever , super sanitary , spectacular service and jihan does amazing facials , I’d like to thank all staff EMO_POS
I had two haircuts with two different people at the salon and I WILL NEVER BE BACK TO THAT SALON BECAUSE THEY RUINED MY HAIR , it so sad the my hair looks funny and weird because of two inexperienced men ( abood and the Christian guy ) seriously DO NOT GET A HAIRCUT AT THAT SALON
Ive been searching for places that do lash lifts in cairo and they do it so good here ! Professional , clean , and lasts long . I got it done by Gigi and she explained to me all the aftercare for it . Every time i get it done i get so mant compliments
El makan clean awi w elnas henak zo2 gdn w ely 3mly 4a3ry kan shater bsra7a
Islam make my hair , very professional with care about the customer . Kindly recommend all the lady to go this beauty salon he it’s awesome and know all the secret about our hair Also Mayada , Faisal she so great and professional . With lots of detail . I like her so much Jihen and supervisor she do all the organisation people work well under her . The place it’s more then good and amazing Top of top
خدمة بروفيشنال جدا انا محجبه و صبغت شعري جيجي هيا الي عملتلي و كنت عاوزه لون فاتح بس مكنش هيناسب فتله شعري و بحثت معايا عن الوان تناسب خامه شعري و متبوظهاش بجد نادر لما انشان يروح يلاقي انسان فاهم في الشغلانه بالشكل دا ويطلع شغل تحفه انا مش بروح و لا بسيب حد يلعب ف شعري او يقصه بس هيا عملتلي قصه تحفه كل الي بيشوفها عليا بينبهر بجد جيجي دي Hidden Gem بجد تعامل راقي جدا و اسلوبهم جميل بجد EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
مطعم جيد جدا
انضف مطعم فول وفلافل
مطعم ممتازه قوي
تحفة بجد والبطاطس والفول كانوا حلوين جدا جدا
معامله غير مهذبه .
الورشه العرييقه
اسرع خدمه توصيل للمنازل
احسن مطعم فول وطعمية واحلي اكل
جميل ونظيف جدا
ارجو تغيير الرقم لانه ملك شخص اخر
الله يباركلو الكباب والصفيحة عندو رقم واحد فعلا شي علي الاول
The place is authentic and satisfying for a good dinner with friends and family . Food is if good quality , it took a while to get served but it was worth it . Grills are excellent and starters are good . The atmosphere outdoors is good but the noise from the near Café is somewhat disturbing . The prices are quite reasonable and definitely worth the quality . All in all , I would recommend visiting .
الاكل حلو ومش بيتاخر كتير والاسعار معقوله والكميات معقوله
الموسيقي والغناء حرام اتقو الله
مكان راقي جدا واكلوا جميل والفعاليات كويسه
Really enjoyed the buffet spread in Esplanade Cafe for dinner . The roast are very good , juicy and tender . The spread is amazing and service is good too . I love the many types of desserts from oriental to French . Keep up the good work EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
Dinner Open Buffet during Eid is amazing . This is not my first time and definitely will be not the last time . Quality of food is great and staff are very friendly and professional .
الاكل حلو زي الاسعار بجد ممتزه
Beautiful music : sparkles : Lovely atmosphere and service : dizzy : Thank you : rose :
اكيد هرجع ازور المطعم تاني عشان الخدمة والطعم
جميله
A fine restaurant inside the InterContinental Cairo CityStars Hotel that is open all - day , and serves both buffet and a - la - carte food . They have a variety of soups , salads , starters , main dishes , dessert , and drinks . They have both vegetarian and non - vegetarian dishes . They serve Middle Eastern , Egyptian , Asian , Italian , and Desi food . Food portions are very filling . Staff are friendly . They are priced a little above average . They accept cash and card payment .
الاكل سئ بجد فلوس علي الارض
To7fa bgd
Food is amazing and prices are great , ordered lasagna alforno which was very hot , but tasted perfecto : ok_hand :
We used to go to masr al gedida branch all the time , and the food here is exactly like it . They make the best tomato soup of all time . We also ordered the oven potato , steak with pepper sauce and a side of red sauce pasta that tasted amazing ! The steak is more of escalope cut so not the regular steak but still good . Ruccoa salad also tastes good . The seating isn’t fancy at all , it’s the opposite but still very clean and they’re the nicest hosts . Will definitely go again . The prices are very 2015 coded you won’t find these priced in new cairo at all
The new plate is awesome , thanks for your hospitality
It is a kind of street food wich is something really great and unique , restaurant is not fancy but very cozy . Stuff is very welcoming . Also portions are enough
The food and portions are great . Price is relatively suitable and good . Highly recommended . The place needs to invest in the decorations and the tables and chairs as you will need to eat and go .
Food is very good
مستر محمود خدوم جدا وبيحب يخدم الحاجة اوي وفارقله العميل يكون مبسوط
great value at great price
Very very basic
Very friendly staff , very cozy place
Always so good , authentic , and tasty . . . Just perfect & simply Italian : heart_suit : am a regular customer for 12 years straight and will always be : heart_suit :
اكلت فيه انا وخطيبتي وكان الاكل تخفة ونضيف والكمية كتيرة
Easily one of the best places to get value for your money , - Food is cuisine like quality and experience for much cheaper prices Note : all the food tastes good , and i especially recommend the Polinari Pasta , it is a big bowl and it gets Two people stuffed , you can just get an appetizer beside it for variety , but it really is perfect and the portion like I said is for 2 , I also the Chicken Mushroom Main dish , it is really good and tasty , just a heads up , make a reservation prior going as they take a lot of time preparing the main dishes because they serve them fresh , that is if you don't love waiting , but it is really worth the wait , Lasagna is good and the portion is also for 2 , but after finishing the bowl , you'll end up hating the color red from the amount of tomatoe sauce you've eaten : face_with_tears_of_joy : . Pizzas are good but they are not amazing , you'll not be wowed from it like the other plates , if you want to try it though , I really recommend the primavera with extra cheese ( with no blue cheese , or olives because pizza is not the food to add those on ) , the one with pineapples is also good , it's just a bbq pizza with pineapples on it , they do not put a lot of pineapple on it so it is not overwhelming the other flavors , it just gives a kick of sweetness that tastes good , but again pizza will not wow you , it's just a good pizza . Ask for their spicy sauce bottle if you love spicy , it is really really good and it'll leave you very satisfied . - Service is great , and the people are lovely there , especially El Capitano , his hospitality and friendliness is what made us fsll in love with this hidden franchise , to the point that we sometimes ask prior going what branch is the Capitano at so we can meet him . - Atmosphere is very beautiful and peaceful , it should resemble the local restaurants of Italy , of course , I do not know how much of resemblance there is because I've never been to Italy , but I guarantee you'll feel comfy there , they just need to buy AC for the summer as their portable water cooling fans do not do enough work to cool you in that hot weather , but you can spend everyday of your week there in Winter . Overall I really with the deepst regret recommend the place as much as I hate to do it , as it's been a special spot for me , and in a selfish way you just want to keep it to yourself , but I really wish them all the best ! : heart_suit :
10000000/10
ممتاز واسعار جدا رخيصه لكن الجلسات غير مريحه للجلسات الطويله لكن كسعر مناسب جدا
جو شعبي عائلي
المكان كويس جدا فيه كل حاجه اسعار كويسه الاستف هايل جدا و دودو ذوقهما في الاغاني حلو اوي
حلو و هادي جدا بس في اوقات بيكون زحمه
الاكل و الاسعار كويسه اوي
The chicken pizza was actually not too bad .
لا انصحكم التعامل مع هذا الفرع تلقيت منهم اسواء معاملة في مصر انا رحت عندهم كذا بالصدفة كنت اتمشي انا جاي من السعودية وكانت الساعة ١ الليل سالت العامل متي تقفلوا قال ٤ الفجر طلبت بيتزا وبيبسي عاوز اقعد علي الطاولات اللي جوا المحل العامل خرجني قال خلاص قفلنا المحل او تدفع فلوش زيادة حقت القعدة جوة المحل وخلاني اكل خارج وخدمتهم والله صفر غير كذا قلة ادب ونصب من العمال
مكان لطيف وظريف وسريع بيرفكت
The food was very good overall . However , I gave one less star because I specifically requested all six burgers to be beef , but one was chicken instead . Additionally , the burger that didn’t have cheese or sauce was not clearly marked on the wrapper .
الفراخ سوده من جوه ومش مستويه خالص حتي القطع غير بعضها في درج لون ونايه من جوه ومش راضي احط الفديو علشان المنظر سي للغايه
Great deals , value for money
تجربه معقوله
اجمد قنا
Just fine
It's the best local cafe in fifth Settlement , best prices and perfect place
Nice but over - priced
I used to visit this salon from time to time and previously had positive experiences because the stylists were attentive to my needs and vision . Unfortunately , my most recent visit was very disappointing . The hairstylist/owner , Joseph , did not seem to actively listen to what I was asking for and appeared to be rushing through the appointment . Despite clearly stating that maintaining length was my top priority , my hair was cut much shorter than requested and the bangs turned out poorly . I also mentioned several times that cutting my hair while wet might not be the best approach since my hair is curly , but after some insistence I trusted his recommendation . Unfortunately , the final result did not turn out well . I also found some of the comments about my hair being dry unnecessary and somewhat embarrassing , especially when they were made “jokingly” in front of other staff members , despite me already explaining the reason . I also noticed that videos were being taken during the appointment without my consent , which made me uncomfortable . Considering the outcome and the experience overall , the service felt overpriced and disappointing . Based on this visit , I would not recommend this salon , particularly for people with curly hair . I hope the salon takes this feedback seriously and becomes more attentive to clients’ requests in the future .
One of the best salons ever ! The team is very professional and they always do an amazing job Highly recommended : heart_suit :
I am in Egypt for several months . As I was preparing to come here , I kept thinking and now I need to find a place to get my nails done . After looking at reviews online , I selected Bella Salon and had an appointment with Shama and Rayna today - I'm not fully sure how the two of them working togethr words - but they were wonderful . I had gel polish on my toes and also needed a gel fill in for my nails . We worked through the language differences via Google ( the globally understood term ) and my nails look great . Thanks to both of them .
Väldigt bra salong , shayma var väldigt duktig på naglar !
Jag gjorde mina naglar hos Shaima . Duktig , noggrann och lyhörd . Mina naglar blev precis som jag tänkte mig EMO_POS
رائع وبروفيشنال شغلهم فنان والستاف كلهم شاطرين ، المكان المعتمد بالنسبالي لكل المرات الجايه
قصيت شعري عند جوزيف صراحه روعه فنان ف القص ماشاءالله تبارك الله اشكره ومو اخر مره : white_heart : : saudi_arabia :
من السعودية الي مصر ، كانت تجربة ولا اروع : sparkles : زرت صالون شخصيا جوزيف وبكل امانة حسيت نفسي بين اهلي . احترافية عالية ، ذوق راق ، اهتمام بادق التفاصيل ، ونتيجة فوق التوقعات . شغل يشرح الصدر ، ذوق يرضي العين ، وتعامل يخلي الواحد يرجع وهو مطمئن وسعيد . شكرا من القلب علي الابداع والذوق العالي ، تجربة تستاهل كل مدح وتوصية شكرا لذوق العالي والراقي جوزيف : white_heart : : saudi_arabia : : egypt :
«Le service est excellent , le personnel est formidable et je suis vraiment contente du résultat ! EMO_POS : flexed_biceps :
I walked into the salon by pure chance , and it turned out to be the most elegant and beautiful salon I’ve ever visited in Egypt . My sincere appreciation goes to the hairstylist Joseph , a true artist with exceptional creativity and refined taste . I had my hair cut and styled into a flawless wavy blow - dry , and the result exceeded all my expectations . I couldn’t be happier — I left feeling more beautiful than I had ever imagined . Client : Tala – Saudi Arabia : green_heart : : white_heart :
Decent … . but don’t use any styling products , so bring your own hair protector . Should put towel / wrap on client while working .
اقوي قص شعر بالزمالك القاهرة عند الفنان جوزيف جاين مخصوص حق جوزيف من الكويت احلي تحيه حق القاهرة
احلي قصة شعر من ايد فنان القص جووزيف يعطيه العافيه واحلي صالون واحلي سيرفس
جربت حمادة قص و كذا خدمه جدا ممتازه انصح بيه
Nice location and welcoming staff
شكرا
ممتازين ماشاء الله انا انبسط جدا وخصوصا من منه ماشاء الله شغلها متميز الشعر منتجات كلها فوق الممتازه
صالون تجميل نسائي حلو
Qualified team , thank you kiko : grinning_face_with_big_eyes :
انا حبيت شعري جدا والمكان رايق وجميل واشكر خاصة كيرو الي قص شعري واستشوره ، انصح في الصالون جدا وطبعا راح اعتمده كل مره اجي فيها مصر EMO_POS
المكان بجد تحفه و ممتاز و شغلهم بجد ضمير جدا و مكان في خصوصية و احترام : white_heart :
They were very professional , the place was clean and they wore gloves . I didn’t wait at all ( they have a lot of staff memebers ) and they provide many services
They offer plenty of special services , and the , manager is so helpful . The staff are amazing , especially Nada . She made my nails look exactly like the photo I showed her , and she’s incredibly . sweet
احلا بداكير ووش وحواجب من ايه ذوق وشغلها زي عسل وبنوته قمر وتنظيف بشره شيرين ذوق جدا واسلوبها قمر
Très bon accueil et je suis très satisfaite du résultat final ! Encore merci
I loved the service . It truly felt like a bridal experience . Special thanks to Yasmin . EMO_POS EMO_POS
Staff are very polite definitely coming again
يجن شغلهم روعه ونظيف : smiling_face_with_halo : : white_heart : : white_heart : : white_heart : : white_heart :
BEST FOOL I HAVE EVER EATEN IN MY LIFE I GO TO THIS PLACE SO OFTEN AND THE FOOD IS AMAZING
The best local food you can find i had a very nice time there
فطار محترم
يحتاج الي جوده ادارة ونظافة
اكل سئ جدا والدجاج زفر ومعفن
Worest customer experience
اسعار مرتفعه خدمه توصيل الاغلي جوده الطعام مشبع بالزيت تجربه غير موفقه
Niet aanrader
مكان هادي ورايق اوي
Best atmosphere , and very helpful staff
Nice cafe although it’s jam packed ! It’s located in a quiet street with different options of seating ( outdoor - indoor - upstairs ) , the atmosphere is saturated by smokes of cigarettes and hookah ( Shisha ) , seats are okay , coffee is okay , service is quick and prices are higher than the average of the same level of cafes . The receipt is served in a metal bucket .
Pricey but nice
Good place
Blowout by Ahmed 10/10 wuick and without appointment , nice interior also
Great service , beautiful blowout and friendly staff
خدمة المناكير سيئة جدا ، اللي شفته كل الزباين كبار في السن ويعملوا شعرهم قص وصبغات ، لكن خدمة الاظافر سيئة ، ولا عندهم الادوات اللازمة ، كريم عادي واويل جونسون وتشل الجلد الزايد بطريقة تجرح الجلد وتستخدم ايدها اكثر من الادوات ، وما عندهم ادوات متعددة مثل باقي الصالونات . .
El mejor peluquero del Cairo , Zamalek 27 años experiencia
They welcomed me and made me feel like I can trust them . They ruined both me and my friends hair ( we dyed it ) . It was horrible and they said it looked great we had to stay there all day fixing it then we went home with okay colors but it was sodamaged all other hair dressers I went to we're shocked at the technique a d quality . ( I only asked for a lighter shade of highlights nothing complicated )
I can’t say enough good things about this salon—it’s truly a gem ! From the moment you walk in , the atmosphere is welcoming , stylish , and relaxing . The staff is incredibly professional , knowledgeable , and friendly . I have naturally curly hair , and finding someone who knows how to cut it properly is no small task . But here , they absolutely *nailed* it ! Paul is a master in his trade . He understood my curls , shaped them beautifully , and gave me the best cut I've had in years . It’s clear that he’s trained in handling all hair types , which is such a refreshing experience . However , to get Paul specifically to cut your hair , you need to call them for an appointment . Their coloring services are just as impressive . The colorist took the time to consult with me about what I wanted and recommended shades that would complement my skin tone . The result? A rich , vibrant color that looks natural and fresh—and it’s holding up beautifully weeks later . I also treated myself to a mani - pedi , and again , the service was top - notch . The space was clean , tools were sanitized , and the technician was meticulous and gentle . My nails have never looked better ! If you’re looking for a salon that really listens , delivers consistently excellent results , and makes you feel pampered , this is the place . Highly recommend for cuts , color , curls , and nail care alike !
قصيت شعري مع سامي واستشوار مع يحيئ شغل خرافي لا يعلي عليه وكل الطاقم كانو لطيفين وخدومين
Just went there and I’m usually very protective of my hair but I wasn’t disappointed . They knew what they were doing , love my cut and the brushing was really good too . Cheaper than other competitors and a lot better ! Update 4 years later : I still wouldn’t trust anyone else with my hair . Love the result as usual .
Accueil agréable et attentionné . Belle coupe de cheveux . Je suis ressortie une nouvelle personne ! Je recommande
Professional team and great services , thank you for Mr . Jehad for amazing haircut , and the hair color very professional and great result .
I can highly recommend !
Waz my first time there . . . got this great guy who cut my hair . . ( big dude with a beard who sounds Spanish . . . but he's not . . ) he did an absolutely amazing job ! Nice environment , all the staff is really cool , great service , great coffee and absolutely worth the price ! I'm coming back and girlfriend too ! : smiling_face_with_sunglasses : : smiling_face_with_sunglasses : EMO_POS
Samah is amazing Service and attitude : heart_hands_medium - light_skin_tone :
My favourite hair salon ever EMO_POS . Team are amazing . Sam is a very professional hairdresser for men and women . EMO_POS
It's perfect Amazing client service Skillful hairstylists ! And it's very affordable compared to the service ! And the place is very elegant
I am so happy with my hair cut . It is amazing . I have curly hair and very difficult for me to find a hairdresser whom understands what i want . With Paul was so easy , he do it exactly as i want . Thanks Paul for your professionalism ! ! ! ! Be sure that you are my favourite hairdresser : face_blowing_a_kiss : .
مكان دافي وجميل وكل ال staff بجد شاطرين جدا وذوق كانت تجربة حلوة جدا واكيد هكررها كتير : face_holding_back_tears : : heart_suit :
The experience was perfect the stuff is perfect and know exactly what to do and friendly especially aya and nawal and merna EMO_POS
We had the best experience with this place starting from the reservation up to the end of our visit . Everyone was so professional and welcoming especially Aya who was very helpful in arranging everything for us before we even arrived . The place is so clean and relaxing and the massage was exceptional . All the staff were super nice . : white_heart :
The place is amazing , the staff are very nice and their treatment is very nice Other than the perfect massage and Moroccan bath
المكان نضيف جدا شاطرين جدا والحمام المغربي تحفه
The place is very clean and neat … . The staff is very very professional … . . I tried deep facial with Hasnaa and anti - stress massage with Nathalie and I enjoyed both services …… . . highly recommended
I love it so beautiful facial , massage and morro and bath I took the package so good
She made me a lissage brésilien and it’s just amazing ! I’m so satisfied about her job . My hair are amazing since 4 days already
El hamam el ma8rby to7fa w farah shatra mot
Amazing Moroccan bath by Faraah
Adorable place EMO_POS cozy and super clean EMO_POS Tunisian Farrah is gorgeous and very friendly , Maroccan Bath with her is super EMO_POS , massage also was super comfortable with Merna and overall experience is wonderful : sparkles : : sparkles :
Thank you , Rania . The best and the most professional person . Keep it up .
Not worth the money at all . Staff extremely unprofessional
Farah in Moroccan bath is the best
The hair treatment at this place is amazing ! I always leave feeling so refreshed and happy with the results . Definitely ask for Hagar , she’s so talented , friendly , and makes the whole experience even better !
انبسط اوي بالحمام المغربي مع فرح شاطره اوي وجميله ومريحه والاستقبال حلو اوي مع ندي مكان بروفشنال جدا انصح بيه
Such a bad Visit
شغل خيال تبارك الرحمن خليتهم يجوني الاوتيل اول شي جو علي الوقت بالضبطط الاخصائية مريم شاطرة سوت لي مثل ما ابي بالضبط مع اني كنت دقيقة بالتفاصيل ما اتعبتني
يهبل الصالون وشغل الاظافر والحواجب
شغلهم جداا جميل ونظيف واسعارهم حلوه خصوصا خلود ، شغلها نظيف وجميل وانسانه مريحه ارجو منكم زيارتهم
كانت تجربتي اليوم عند ساوند مره حلوه واللي سوتلي ساره تسلم يدك ومو اخر مره باذن لله : star - struck : : pink_heart : . .
المكان والبنات الي فيه تحفه منجد ، ورانيا التوب بالنسبه ليا : two_hearts : : heart_hands_medium - light_skin_tone : : heart_hands_medium - light_skin_tone : : heart_hands_medium - light_skin_tone :
انبسطت بتعامل معاهم رحاب ومريم وصابرين وادهم كلهم رائعين رحاب عملتلي فتلة حواجب و رفعة الحواجب الي انا مره مبسوطه فيها اللحين ومريم شغلها في الاظافر رائع وصابرين اشتغلت بذمه ولي اول مره اروح لي وحده تشتغل بذمه في البدكير عموما كل الموضفين رائعين ومجتهدين شكرا لكم
Thank u so much Magdy . . I truly loved your working and the way you treat your guests . . for sure this won’t be my first visit
شكرا مجدي شغلهم احترافي الويفي طالع طبيعي وحلو جدا EMO_POS EMO_POS
. الاخ مجدي عبدو مبدع . . احلي ويفي للشعر ممكن تسوونه عنده . . مبدع مبدع مبدع . . شكرا شكرا مجدي : folded_hands : : white_heart :
Magdy is a guarantee , helpful , he does what you ask . He gave me beautiful waves . Thanks you
Super professional and incredibly fast ! I loved the hair waves and curls . Thank you , Magdy , for your amazing service . I truly enjoyed the experience .
شكرا جدا استاذ مجدي علي شغلك الجميل و شكرا لذوقك ، مبسوطة جدا بالنتيجة : white_heart :
شغل روعه وتعامل راقي
Excellent service by Magdy . Was attending a wedding in Cairo and wanted a wash and style . Maddy speaks great English and the price was reasonable . The curls held on all night .
Very good and welcoming hairdresser . Very good work and fair price . 100% recommend for tourists , no scamming .
I went to this salon during my trip to Cairo and got a nice hair wash , blow dry and a very professional haircut . The staff is very talented and the price is very good . Totally recommend ! !
He knows what to do I had such a great experience getting my blow dry here ! The stylist was super friendly and really listened to what I wanted . My hair came out smooth , shiny , and full of volume — exactly how I like it .
My hair looked amazing ! Very nice treatment and polite service . Totally worth it !
Our experience at this beauty salon was perfect ! We came with my friend to refresh our hairstyle and we absolutely enjoyed the whole procedure ! Great hairstylist ! Thank you !
Professional : thumbs_up_light_skin_tone : : thumbs_up_light_skin_tone :
My hair was very brassy from having it straightened . Magdy fixed my colour . I was very happy with the service and with his help to fix my hair colour .
الصالون خدمتهم ممتازه سويت استشوار وقص شعر اسعاره حلوه والعائله روحهم حلوه جدا
قصة الشعر حلوة جدا و الاستاذة سماح شغلها جميل تسلم ايدها
من افضل الصالونات لقص الشعر والتعامل جدا راقي انصحكم فيه
It was such an amazing hairdresser the staff were very nice I used to make new cut in my hair Magdy did it to me simply perfect and superb EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
I had an opportunity to schedule the last minute appointment with Magdy and his staff . He was very accommodating , friendly and incredibly professional . He did a really nice job getting my hair styled for a wedding . Would highly recommend him and his salon Thank you so much .
مناسب للفئات المتوسطة
Ausgezeichnetes kleiner "Street - Food" Verkauf für Falafel - Sandwiches .
Fantastic authentic falafel place . The falafel egg sandwiches are yummy . And its only 20 egp . Very friendly helpful staff as well . Fast service . The real foody experience .
حلو جدا واكلهم نضيف 10/10
路过看到很多当地人在排队，因为看不懂菜单在评论区找张图片买的，做得挺快几分钟就拿到了，我吃的这个味道不错比较清爽
Great spot and super friendly staff . When placing your order it goes through a POS system and the guy operating it has great English . A range of prices but most things between EGP10 - 20 . There’s chairs out to sit if you like , but this requires the purchase of a drink ( water , coffee , mint tea , soft drinks etc ) . Similar price range ( up to EGP20 ) . Most importantly the falafel and foul ( fava ) are both fantastic !
A hole in the wall joint that serves breakfast sandwiches and other staples . Affordable and filling . Quick service .
Absolutely superb . Super tasty food at a great price . Very quick with friendly and honest service .
Very tasty food , Excellent prices and friendly staff
A restaurant serving traditional dishes like fava beans and falafel . Fast service and reasonable prices .
مطعم ممتاز واكل نظيف
チーズ入りファラフェルが革命的に美味しい。朝食べ、あまりの美味しさにビビり、昼に友達を連れてまた戻り、次の日も食べました。ビバ！
Amazing local , incredibly cheap place , with a very fast service . Food was tasty and a good portion .
طعم الاكل البيتي
Take out only place but the food is really good for breakfast and lunch as well
الخدمه بتصل لاكتر من ساعه الطعام جيد خاصة الشاورما لكن فراخ بروستد ليس جيدا ابدا اجواء عاديه
الشاورما كلها جلد وطعمها وحش جدا ماتتاكلش
من اسوا المطاعم
يعني لا ذمة ولا نظافة الاتنين حنستني ايه من اللي زيكم
بشع لو في تقيم - ١٠٠
الاكل وحش اوي و الفراخ مش مستوية و مفيش نضافة منصحش حد يجربه
مايستاهل والله يعز النعمه طلبت وجبه بروستد ريحة الفراخ معفنه والله فيها عفن ولا كانها ميته يعوضنا ربنا 120جنيه مستوي نضافه صفر
الساندويتش ناشف والطعم فلافل مصري مش سوري ومافي طحينية جوا الساندوتش والفلافل الاقراص ناشفة جدا وقاسية جدا طعمها الله يكرم النعمه يعني حتي الفلافل المصرية اطيب
الاكل كويس جدا بالنسبة للسعر
باكل عنده بقالي تقريبا ٢٠ سنة نفس الطعم نفس الكمية نفس الجودة نفس السرعة انصحك تروح تاكل في المطعم . شاورمة الفراخ و بطاطس موتزريلا EMO_POS
الفراخ ريحتها عفنت وحاجه قرف
The staff Will constantly ask you for tips , the sandwich guy was handling raw chicken with his hands and the started making my sandwich without washing his hands
القطط في قمة الوقاحة
very friendly staff , very big portions , would definitely recommend it
مكان مميز
نشجع كل ما هو جديد ، محترمين جدا
Looks good : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : EMO_POS
ناس محترمين
محترمين
High
Great people running the place
مكان جديد ومنسق ويحتوي علي تن ع جميل للمنتاجات
عالي
Alcoholic drinks not a supermarket
محل جميل ومحترمين جدا
مطعم جميل خدمه ممتاز وجبات مستوي عالي
جوده الفراخ سئيه جدا وتعبت بطني يومين والحواوشي عبارة عن بصل وعيش معجن اول واخر تعامل للاسف
اكله حلو وطور من نفسه
They're bad , service , employees , prices and waiting time .
يحتاج الي مزيد من الاهتمام
سوبر ماركت
المنتجات مش كتيره بس افضل شيء الامانه في الاسعار وتقريبا بيع بسعر الجمله
Mısır seyahatimizde , Kahire'de kaldigimiz otele yakin oldugundan ufak tefek alışveriş için tek yerdi . Ancak son derece ilgisiz , guleryuz ve nezaketten yoksun biri vardi kasada . Ortam hic temiz degildi . Meyve sebze bölümünde calisan bey iyiydi .
Küçük bir mekan . Sebze , meyve ve şarküteri reyonu var . Hiçbir ürünün üzerinde fiyat etiketi yok . Alışveriş sonrasında fiş de vermiyor . Kredi kartı geçerli . Güler yüz ve nezaket sıfır .
موجود في كل ما يلزم الاسرة
Was very impressed with this market . They had a large selection of snack food and drinks along with a fruit and vegtable section . They scanned all of the products so you knew the price . I found it clean and well stocked .
Needs lots of work
Don’t waste your time it’s permanently closed
ناس محترمة بيوصله للمنيل الروضه و جمب المحل بس
الاكل جميل والعجه عنده تحفه كانو اهل كرم بس للاسف من بعد اسعار السلع زادة مزودوش كتير في الاسعار بس بلمقابل السندوتشات بقت شبه فاضيه
طعمية لذيذة والفول طعم من الاخر : folded_hands : : rose :
Good and delicious
A scam . Reviews are bought or their own family members . Especially tourists - beware . Read this for 2 minutes and save a lot of money . I went in to get my nails done . A simple nude hard coat with reference photos . No length added . It looked professional in clean so I let my guard down , huge mistake . They have NO set prices and charge you whatever they think you'd pay . Since im foreign I got significantly overcharged but they even overcharge the locals . I wouldn't even be that mad if the nails looked good , but its genuinely the worst they have ever looked . Uneven coat , lumpy , no cuticle softener was used , just straight scraping . Look at the photos to see how uneven it is . You can see tiny holes aswell . She didn't file them down or anything . No hate to her but she was completely untrained . I was charged 67 dollars or 3200 Egyptian pounds . WELL over what is normally charged in this area , and more expensive than CALIFORNIA USA . I showed them how bad it looked and pointed out the imperfections , and they told me it was because "your nails are too short . " They are not and ive gotten my nails done many times with no issues for half the price . Do not consider this place . Do not let positive reviews sway you . It is not worth it and you'll spend more money and time fixing it later .
Very professional EMO_POS : heart_suit : , the girls are super nice and talented highly recommended EMO_POS EMO_POS
Very good haircut . So quick and looks beautiful ! ! Would recommend .
This is the first time I've had my hair washed at a salon since arriving in Cairo . The salon is very clean and comfortable . The owner and staff are very friendly . I asked for my color - protecting shampoo and a straightening style . The stylist was very professional and made my hair very smooth . I'm very satisfied and would recommend it to everyone . The total cost was a little over 500 Egyptian pounds . I would recommend this salon to all my friends !
Very good experience with Dina , who made my manicure and pedicure very professionally . The place and workers are welcoming , i recommend this place and will come back .
I had a great cutting . I am curly hair and difficult to find hairdressers to give me the satisfaction that i cut my hair EMO_POS . This was really a good one .
I like the place so well , the girls and men are super professional : rose : : rose : : rose : : rose : : smiling_face_with_hearts :
جميل جدا جدا والله وشغلهم نظيف
Très beau salon et très propre également . Samira est très professionnelle et très gentille . Elle m'a fait un soin de pédicure avec vernis , c'est très beau , je suis très contente !
رائعين وسريعين بالشغل ماشاءالله بعتمدهم بمصر والله EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS : thumbs_up_light_skin_tone : : thumbs_up_light_skin_tone : : thumbs_up_light_skin_tone : بنات السعوديه اعتمدوهم
Everyone's very friendly and my hair turned out perfect ! ! 10/10 recommend
You will Have an Excellent Serves when you visit Bella San Salon all the staff are very profissional and friendly spicily , Ahmed Hamada and yahia thanks all EMO_POS EMO_POS : clapping_hands : : clapping_hands :
Hisham , Amira and Jamal were incredibly professional . Really happy and satisfied with the results . Thank you so much
Dina , Jamal , Farah , Amira , Manar , Hisham are AMAZING people . The hair and nails were absolutely amazing ! Thank you so much for a great service
I’d like to thank bella salon for the amazing hair coloring and the great service . A special thanks to the owners , Steve and Hisham , for their professionalism and warm hospitality !
Love this place EMO_POS
It was my first time here , I had my hair cut and blow dried as well as curled ! Gamal was amazing and helpful , he did wonders to my hair ! It’s a place I definitely recommend checking for your hair .
من افضل الصالونات اللي عملت فيها شعري والاسعار مقارنه يالخدمه ممتازة جدا
Great service and my hair looks amazing
really proffesional and very good medical consultation
بصراحه كل الدكاتره ممتازين و مستمعين و عندهم طولة بال و عن تجربه دكتور عصام و دكتور عبد اللطيف
Prefer to reserve a specific appointment for each patient to avoid waiting time
د . احمد ممتاز
Excellent and they are professional
المعاملة ممتازة والدكتور عصام نصر ممتاز شكرا ليكم
Best clinic and service
د عبداللطيف حمودة دكتور جميل و مريح و بيسمع كويس
Excellent service , very professional . Dr Abdellatif is very thorough and cares about your overall health . The staff are very helpful and kind also . Highly recommend .
تجربه سيئه جدا للاسف ولن تتكرر
Nice place . Good food
Delicious grilled Denise , Calamari and shrimps , creamy fish soup . Very attentive waiters . Nice salads .
Super clean restaurant . . . excellent food . . . good service .
Not upscale . Too expensive for the location and setting . A bottle of water should not be LE20 , double what it costs in other restaurants .
مطعم جيد . . . . اصطف محترم . . . . جوده عاليه
احلي مافي المكان السلطه غير كده الاكل سيء اسعار جدا مبالغ فيها والطعم غير جيد
مطعم جميل جدا . . اخصائي اسماك امام دولفين مول فرع جديد مناسب لساكن اكتوبر وزايد
جميل جدا . اتمني المحافظة علي المستوي واتمني لكم التوفيق بس الاسعار ياليت تنزل شوية
كافيه جميل واسع جدا ممكن يشيل حوالي ٣٥٠ فرد الخدمة سريعة و الشباب محترمين و اهم حاجة الويترز بشوش و فاهم شغله
Amazing customer service
متميز
مكان ممتاز و الخدمه ممتازه جدا . .
Best study , work , play spot in District 2
ممتاز بكل المقاييس باشراف السيده مرفت ، صاحبة الفندق .
للاسف كانت تجربتي في فندق الياسمين بالمنيل سيئة جدا . النظافة كانت دون المستوي . ووجدت صراصير في الغرفة ، وهذا شئ غير مقبول في اي فندق . كذلك الانترنت كان ضعيفا جدا لدرجة انه لا يعمل والمعاملة سيئة جدا . اوسخ فندق قابلته بحياتي لا انصح بالاقامة فيه .
الفندق قديم يمتاز ب اطلاله ممتازة علي النيل
الفندق تحفة و الموقع استراتيجي قريب من وسط البلد واسعاره متوسطة و مناسبة
اشكر مدام مرفت علي حسن الضيافه ، ، فندق محترم وناس محترمين ،
الفندق جماله في المنظر الجميل حيث انه يطل علي النيل مباشرة باطلالة رائعة وكذلك باخلاق موظفيه خاصة مدام ميرفت التي احب ان اشكرها علي حسن ودماثة اخلاقها الموقع قريب من الخدمات
Don't go there . The smell inside is awful .
ممتازه والاستاذه ميرفت قمة ف التعاون والاخلاق واللطف
Wonderful staff and very clean rooms thank you so much
للاسف طلبت صنية مشاوي الفراخ زفرة جدا
مطعم اكله طيب واسعاره ممتازة
الاكل جميل والاسعار افضل من اماكن تانيه
التجربه في المطعم 100%
والله خساره النجمه
شعبي
جزاك الله خيرا
من دخلت المبني نضيف طلعت المكان جميل . هادئ نضيف خدمه الرسبشن راقيه سريعة اهتمام دخلت الدكتور قمه الاحترام اسلوب تعامل راقي بفهك مشكلتك بطريقة سلسله بتحس بامان راحه وعافيه في اختيارك لعييادات مصر الحديثة موفقين دائما يارب ٣لو
Dr . Nour is very professional and kind . He treats patients with care and respect . The clinic is clean and well - organized
دكتور صادق مستمع ممتاز ان شاءالله ديما بالتوفيق
عيادات ممتزة وتعامل جميل
Good doctor , and the clinic as well .
Well organized Clinic and perfect experience with doctor Aisha , thank you all EMO_POS
دكتوره ممتازه وتسمع المريض
The clinic is very clean and organized . Dr . Omar is one of the best sinus doctors . : folded_hands_medium - light_skin_tone : EMO_POS
عيادة نظيفه جدا و استقبال و خدمه محترمه و دكتور عمر شاطر حدا و مستمع جيد
ما شاء الله من افضل دكاترة المسالك البوليه
اوحش بيتزا اكلتها في حياتي ريحتها زفره وطعمها يقرف
ممتازجدا
مش اول مره نطلب فطير حلو من عندكو وكل مره يجي زفر تحس ريحتو بيض بجد يعني حرام وانا بطلب قولتو خلي بالك عشان ريحت الفطيره بتبقي زفره
مطعم سيئه للغايه ومعامله سيئه
Good food . I liked the experience .
معاملتهم اكنهم بيدونا الاكل ببلاش وعدم الرد علي الزباين ، قله ذوق
Hem etli hem tavuklu pizza denedik ikiside çok lezzetliydi özellikle tavuklu olana bayıldık : thumbs_up_medium - light_skin_tone :
مفيش احسن من الاكل في المكان دا اكل نضيف وناس ذوق ومجتهدين واحسن حاجة هي السعر
ずば抜けて美味しいわけではないけど、美味しいです！わたしは好きでした。朝6時前に行きましたが、ピザ焼いてくれました！焼きたてピザをこの価格で、そしてボリュームあり！！2回目行った時は勘違いしてお金多く渡しましたが、間違えてるぞ！って感じで返してくれました。常連になりたいお店でした。 サラミピザのSが55だったような。朝から完食いたしました！ご馳走様でした。
تحفه والله : heart_suit : : heart_suit : : heart_suit : : heart_suit : : heart_suit : : heart_suit :
Good value comparing to the price
انا بعرفو قبل ١٣ سنه لما كنت طالب ورجعت من كم يوم اكلت نفس الطعم والاسعار رخيصه
جيد نوعا ما
البائع فيه غير محترم
ان من الجزائر اريدو معرفت كيفيت تعامل معكم
لاباس شعبي جدا
Très bon sejour dans cet hotel , personnel très agréable et chambres bien aménagées . Emplacement idéal dans Garden City . Je recommande !
とてもいいホテルでした！
Hôtel absolument à éviter ! Cloaque innommable dans un état pitoyable voir dangereux et reposant de saleté . Les deux premiers étages de ce bouge sont délabrés , complètement détruit . La cage d'escalier est d'une saleté repoussante et compte tenu de l'état de l'ascenseur , on est obligé de monter à pied . Dans la chambre , les huisseries sont défectueuses , les prises électriques cassées et dangereuses et dans le salle de bain , le rideau de douche est pendu à trois mètres de hauteur et ne touche pas le sol , la douche est un artefact de douche à l'italienne mais limitée par une mauvaise bordure en ciment et carrelage . Le pommeau de douche est cassé et fuit dans tous les sens . Les WC fuis ainsi que le lavabo . Aucun tapis de douche n'est fourni . Aucune chaise pour appuyer des affaires n'est présente . Les baguettes d'angle sont tenues par du scotch . Sur le balcon , les tuyaux des blocs de clim pendent au milieu . Vous devez les enjamber et la rambarde n'est pas à hauteur réglementaire : vous risquez la chute à chaque tentative pour prendre l'air . . . Le petit déjeuner . . . Infâme , vous avez la montre , Ils ont le temps ! Il est servi dans couvert et si un groupe de touristes débarque dans ce soukh , vous pouvez rester à attendre votre tour jusqu'à midi : l'organisation est déplorable . Les zones réservées au personnel sont impressionnantes de saleté . Bref un endroit sordide qui ne devrait pas apparaître dans les sites internet spécialisés . . .
Molto bene . Camera pulita . Ottima accoglienza e disponibilità del personale , hanno cercato di soddisfare ogni nostra richiesta
Bel posto pulito posizione ottima vicina a piazza tharir ma in un quartiere molto tranquillo e silenzioso . Personale gentilissimo e tutti molto simpatici .
Bravi i ragazzi dello staff . Tutti bravissimi
الفندق نظيف و الغرف مرتبة و نظيفة الموظفين محترمين و متعاونين والافطار جيد و يفي بالغرض . يقع الفندق في عمارة في حي جميل و هاديء جدا . الفندق ثلاث نجوم ولكن الخدمة و المعاملة خمس نجوم .
Personale sempre disponibile giovane e cordiale .
Personale cordiale , sempre disponibile a tutte le ore . Ottima organizzazione giovane . Posizione ottima .
I had a very disappointing experience trying to book a stay at this hotel . As there is no official website , I called the listed number for booking information . The call was handled unprofessionally , with no introduction from the person who answered . I explained the reason for my call and was instructed to send a WhatsApp message to make a reservation . I sent the message immediately with the requested dates . Three days later , I have received no response . I followed up and also asked about room availability , but received no reply . Due to the lack of communication and professionalism , I booked accommodation elsewhere at a higher price . While it cost significantly more , the clear communication and professional service made it well worth it .
فندق رائع
احلي مكان في القاهرة وشكرا مصطفي من كل قلبي
Mustafa her konuda çok yardımcı oldu . Otelin konumu çok güzel odalar çok temiz tüm çalışanlar çok ilgiliydi . Çok memnun kaldık
Çok iyiydi ilgileniyolar çok iyi tenizliği cartu curtı hepsi
Camere ampie e pulite , ottima doccia , colazione buona .
Le stanze sono confortevoli , il bagno e efficiente e ottima doccia
Perfect stay here . I really enjoyed it
I enjoyed my stay in garden plaza hotel , their hospitality is excellent , good customer care especially Mostafa attended us well , helped us get all that we wanted , Mostafa has a kind heart he made my stay in Egypt easy and enjoyable big up to Mostafa
Mostafa and amr was so kind and help us for everything
المكان جميل ونظيف وقريب من الاماكن السياحية خدمتهم سريعه ومتعاونين جدا : thumbs_up_light_skin_tone :
تجربتنا فيه كان جميله المكان نظيف وجميع طاقم العمل معاون معنا : thumbs_up_light_skin_tone :
السلام عليكم ممكن رقم واتساب للتواصل
كام مريح
كافيه محترم واسعار في متناول الجميع
Everything is perfect in that place the prices are good the stuff are so friendly and fast the place is clean and they have a diet sugar
Very friendly stuff
الريسبشن تعامله راقي جدا قبل ما تدخل للدكتور بيطمنك انك داخل المكان الصح
افضل تجربه مع د اندرو من افضل دكاتره الجلديه في مصر
تجربه ممتازه مع عيادات بلاتنيوم
Dr . samar is amazing with kids , knows how to deal with them & following up with every tiny detail
تجربه ممتازه مع د احمد الهوبي من افضل كلينك اللي روحتها
Supportive team
Detailed and good listener
Dr Ahmed hoby is a great dentist : ok_hand :
It’s an organised , and very friendly staff
Best services : ok_hand_light_skin_tone : : heart_suit :
تقييم عياده مصر الجديده الاستقبال ممتاز و مرحب وودكتور مروه ممتازه ومستمعه جيده مروه . ع
XL pizza is no joke
Everything is wonderful but unfortunately they don't have dine in any more , only take away . Please let it come back again .
Very small stuffy restaurant with little ventilation , the pizza is very bad and undercooked . Don't recommend it
بيتزا تتحدث عن نفسها من طعمها : heart_on_fire :
Tasty italian thin pizza : pizza : : face_savoring_food : and other italian dishes , also a few options for desserts . The service was kind and polite . The restaurant is quite small but has a homely atmosphere . We had an XL Pizza Margherita .
اقل من عادي
The food was super dry and there was almost no cheese , it was the worst pizza in earth : disappointed_face : it was a traumatizing and painful experience : tooth : , i hate pizza now thanks to them
Worst pizza ever , the dough was too dry it even hurt my gums eating it , tasteless ( عباره عن رغيف ناشف )
Great margaretta
It looked closed from outside but what a hidden gem ! We had the best meal . Our waiter was Taj . We had a wonderful evening ! Thank you Divino : face_savoring_food : The cheese salad starter was the highlight - I had no idea what to expect but it was buffula mozzarella with fresh pesto and baby cherry tomatoes and it was the most delicious dish .
Favorite place in Zamalek especially for the Pizza . Everything is just perfect . Service is amazing and the Chef is super talented .
Was very poor experience . . I have asked for crispy pizza and some of the pizza was not cooked 100 %… don’t recommend the place . . outside is written wood oven and is a gas oven ! ! !
Food is great but seating is limited . It wasn't crowded though
The quality of pizza is not that good
Brilliant doctor and staff . Excellent place .
A Perfect clinic ! easy appointments , clean clinic , a very professional doctor & assistant . Thank you so much !
من احسن و اشطر الدكاترة ربنا يبارك في حقيقي ممتاز
دكتور ممتاز
I am very satisfied about the clinic in general starting from the flexibility in booking the appointment up until the service from Doctor Yahia . The clinic is very clean and the doctor and his assistant are very keen about the disinfection for their tools which giving me the trust about the clinic hygiene .
خدمة علاجية ومتابعة ممتازة
. كانت ممتازة
احسن وانضف كلينك
دكتور محمد صلاح صديق مخ واعصاب من اوقح الدكاتره الي شفتها فحياتي . زعق عليا انا واختي وامي التعبانه وسبنا ومسك بايد امي وقال مش حسيبها روحي انتي وقعد يزعق ويقول كلام بذيئ . محدش يروح عنده .
خدمه ممتازه و مقاومات كثيره متوفره
احسن ناس واحسن استقبال EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
The staff was very helpful and the service was excellent . Thank you for your effort
عيادة محترمة جدا و كويسه و الدكتور شاطر و محترم جدا
دكتور ايمن زكريا ممتاز
دكتور كويس و عياده محترمه
عيادة و استقبال ممتازة و دكتور رائع و الانتظار قليل
ان شاء الله مش اخر زياره انصح اي حد يروح ويجرب
العيادة جميلة
ناس محترمه جدا ودكاتره شطار جدا وكل التخصصات موجوده
ملك كانت متعاونه جدا وحقيقي شكرا علي التعامل الحلو والذوق
خدمه ممتازه وتنظيم محترم
عياده نظيبفه وتعامل راقي
I had a good experience at this client , The doctors are professional .
اكيد هرجع تاني لو احتاجت مكان كويس
عيادات بلاتنيوم عيادات منظمة و الاستقبال كويس جدا و المواعيد مظبوطة و دكتور ابرام و عمر سلامة محترمين و شطار جدا و بيسمعو المريض
I absolutely love their clothes ! As a Brazilian , it’s usually hard for me to find denim pants that fit well , but at Mobaco they fit like a glove . And their T - shirts — they feel like a warm hug , made of pure Egyptian cotton . I’m completely addicted to this shop !
Great shop , good variety of men and women clothing at decent prices .
محل فخم وملابس في قمة الفخامه
منتجات تشرف مصر
옷상태도 위치도 다 좋은데 직원이 열심히하지는 않음 . 린넨을 사는게 제일 득되는거같음 .
محتاجين دعم من فريق التسويق شوية بس عموما الشغل مسوق نفسه بنفسه ماشاء الله عالمي
The outlet was very poor , staff were tired
エジプトっぽいデザインのTシャツを買いました。お土産っぽいデザインは種類が少ないです。 250EGPでした。 接客は特にないです。 クレジットカードが利用可能です。 男性向けの服屋です。
للاغنياء فقط
My favourite in Egypt since 20 years
Πολύ καλή ποιότητα
Ist nicht mehr das , was es einmal war . Wenig Auswahl , zum Teil beschädigte Ware im Verkauf .
Premium quality
المكان كويس معاملة الموظفين مش احسن حاجة ، الموظف خلقه ضيق وبيتريق ان الزبون بيجرب اكتر من قطعة علشان يقتنع بحاجة معينة في الاخر . . عايز يبقا كاشير بس الزبون يدخل يعبي ويدفع ويتكل علي الله
Sehr freundliches Personal
جامد جدا
Offers aren't real
اشتريت تيشرتات وبناطيل جميلة ونسبه الخصم كبيره
البائع مزعج جدا ، مش عارف اشوف منه حاجة
Good quality
لا باس في الاسعار و العروض
ناس كذابين و ما عندهمش مواعيد ولا بيراعو للمرضي حجزت عند دكتور ماريكيوس واكدو الحجز وكل شويه يتصلو ياكدو عالمواعيد اتحركت من اكتوبر علي موقع العياده في الدقي وانا في الطريق يتصلو يقولو الدكتور اعتذر وقبلها بعشره دقائق متصلين يقولو الدكتور في انتظارنا عدم احترام للمريض وعدم تقدير
Supported & Well care
العيادة نظيفة جدا ودكتور الباطنة احمد دويك دكتور تعامله حلو جدا وصبور وبيفهم المريض EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
مكان راقي فعلا والمعامله فيه فوق الممتازه ده غيرالطاقم الطبي اللي موجود اللي بيشخص الحاله بدقه : ok_hand : EMO_POS
الاستقبال محترمين جدا والمكان نضيف ومنظم و دكتور اندرو محترم جداو ممتاز
الدكتورة مش احسن حاجه والتعامل كن برضه مش كويس
خدمه كويسه وفي متابعه ودكاتره كويسه
عيادات مصر الحديثة يضم عدد كبير من افضل الدكاترة والمعاملة من الاستف كويسة خالص وذوق والمكان نضيف والدكتور بيتابع معانا بعد الكشف شكرا جزيلا لكم : tulip : : tulip : : tulip :
الاستقبال ممتاز والخدمات الطبية غاية الروعة والدكتور بالتاكيد مستمع وشاطر
العيادة نظيفة وتوقيتهم مظبوط و الاستاذ الدكتور احمد دوي شاطر ومستمع جيدا لمريضه وبتاع حالته
Good prices and very clean . Maa shaa Allah
ناس محترمة
Not bad for this price point . I recommend not going after 6pm as it will be over crowded
Good place when it’s clean . They did good effort . Better to come early , could be crowded .
Will NOT recommend this gym due to bad environment and not good equipment . They don't upgrade anything and most of the things are not even working . Prefer going to other gym !
Honestly poor , This gym has turned into an absolute disaster . The AC is dead , so you’re basically working out in a sauna . The weight plates are crooked and unsafe , half the dumbbells are broken , and the treadmills literally shock you — and not in a good way . It’s careless , lazy , and downright dangerous . Feels like the owners just don’t give a damn about the members anymore , male bathroom is always smelly bad : skull_and_crossbones : Please don't waste your money here , find better gym untill it resolve the old problem . . . .
Incompetent management and lack of equipment !
الجيم الفي رسبشن بيكلمو قله الذوق انصح ان محدش يروح عندهم
جيم محترم جدا و متاح كل الاوقات حريمي و رجالي مواعيد العمل من ٦ ص و حتي ٢ صباحا و الجمعة بعد اذان الظهر
فيتنس عال جدا وممتاز
Hers gym has unfortunately become a 100% commercial entity with no real professionalism or transparency ! Staff are unfriendly and unclear about what they are selling , especially personal training packages . A “nutrition session” is nothing more than a meal plan paper , and if you refuse it , you’ll receive a nutrition call handled with a poor and unprofessional attitude ! Be cautious when using the treadmills . . I experienced electric shocks when touching the screen or metal parts , and this serious issue was ignored ! I paid for my personal training program , yet chose not to continue my sessions because I cannot tolerate this level of unprofessional attitude and service . Not Recommended at all
I touched the control panel to adjust the treadmill speed , and I got an electric shock . It seems like the exercise equipment isn’t being properly maintained . The staff are also unfriendly .
A women's only gym that has all the basics you need in terms of equipment and weights . They offer classes at certain times ( no yoga ) as well as personal training . If you're there during peak hours , you'll struggle to find the more common weights ( only two sets ) , and many of the machines need quite a bit of TLC ( missing knobs , out of service regularly etc ) but they've changed some of the padding of some machines since I've been there . Update : all above still valid however I feel I must add the below warning . There are children regularly allowed to run around and play in the weight zones ( super dangerous ) with little to no supervision ( even saw one smack someone's bum ) . Here are signs everywhere saying don't leave your bag in the weight area , that's what lockers are for . . . . And yet there are constantly bags and clothing everywhere; completely unenforced by any staff member there . The professionalism leaves to be desired . If you're not picky , it may be a bit more pricey , but there's another gym nearby that's better .
1ヶ月2 , 300EGPでした。マシンは一通り揃っています。夕方以降は利用者が多くランニングマシン待ちが発生することが多いです。ジャグジーはぬるめ、スチームサウナとドライサウナは温度は低めで、常時稼働してる訳ではなく利用する時にONにしてくれます。水着を持参しましょう。グループレッスンはバラエティ豊かでインストラクターもプロフェッショナルで楽しかったです。外国人でも英語でインストラクションをしてくれたり、クラス前に説明してくれたりするので大丈夫です。 ザマレクはレストランから全て料金は高い設定なので、ジムの月額料金も他と比べて高めです。今通っているモカッタムのジムは半年で2500EGPです ( 24時間 )
have been going to this gym for the past few weeks and all the treadmills are horrible they keep electrocuting you the moment you touch it , it wasn’t a big deal at first as it was just a tiny zap and I kept telling everyone that works there to take care of it and their answer every single time is that they’re going to tell the maintenance guys but nothing changed . And today while I was running and trying to adjust the speed I touched the handle and it sent a very strong electric wave down my whole body that I shouted and jumped off the moving treadmill , when I went to complain to the girls working there their answer was “sorry , we will let the maintenance guys know” . This is a serious safety hazard and it’s very disappointing how a big and pricey gym like that one can’t even fix faulty treadmills ! Most of the treadmills are always either broken or shut down after a few minutes of using and there’s only 2 stairmasters , one of them has been out of service since I started going .
مكان خاص نسائي ، ، ساونا
My second home EMO_POS
Schönes und sauberes Fitnestudio , nette Community .
Love EMO_POS
I have been a member for more than a year , and this gym has been a great disappointment to be honest . The only reason I chose this gym is because it's the only female gym in zamalek . 1 . The most annoying thing is that there are always broken machines and they are never fixed for months and months . Either threadmill , cycling machine , or weighing machine . If half of the machines are broken , then what are we supposed to use? Especially in this small gym . If the machine is broken , at least make an announcement for reasons instead of making excuses and abandoning the situation for months . 2 . They don't provide water or towel , I dont know if it's normal in egypt? 3 . Most of the closets are always full . I think the staff put their stuff here . Considering how many people are coming during peak hours , they must buy more closets . 4 . There were times when the shower didn't work or water was not available . 5 . I sent an email to management even to request better maintenance of the gym , but I never got a reply . If you want to increase the membership fee , then you have to provide equivalent service .
The women who ‘run’ this place could be more respectful . But they go for doing less; they are consistent in that regard . The equipment is the basics and mostly nice . The cycling room is my fav bc … I love cycling . Oh , and sadly no elliptical machines . I thought that was gym equipment 101 . When the sauna is hot and ready to use , it’s nice . The showers are nice too; good water pressure . I’ve had my issues here; mostly poor attitudes . But ppl ( staff ) only know what they’ve learned from others , so bad behavior persists . Ppl would rather tell you no than to actually try to help you . The place def has potential to be better than it is .
اسوء مستشفي شوفتها بامانه انا مش بقول كلام و خلاص عشان متكونش الشكوي ٢ للي بيرد و المستشفي وبدل ما انتو بتطلعو مبررات و خلاص ابقو صلحو من نفسكو احسن و اتمني يكون في دكاترة احسن لصالح المرضي
مش بيردو عالتليفون ومفيش طوارئ
احسن خدمه واحترام
محتاج تليفون للتواصل للاسف التليفونات المتاحه لا تعمل
للاسف تجربة فاشلة جدا غير ملتزمين بقراراتهم ولا يوجد مصدقية او صراحة اليوم براي و غدا براي اخر
احب اشكر دكتور الطوارئ احمد والطاقم الطبي علي عنايتهم بالمريض
This gym charges 500 Egyptian pounds for a single workout , which is rather unreasonable . Atleast 250 would be more suitable .
Perfect gym EMO_POS EMO_POS : ok_hand_light_skin_tone :
The place are great
It would be helpful to provide clothes hangers for jackets and coats . Also , the class rooms could be cleaner . Small improvement , big convenience .
one of the trainers got mad because I refused his service , the he asked me to leave for not having shorts after i had already paid for a day pass . Pure losers work here .
What a waste of money , bad experience
Terrible terrible gym , the prices they are charging they must think they are a boutique gym with the best equipment . It’s dirty , machines are badly kept… they don’t even have a pull up bar . They mentioned a “spa” if you mean a sauna that doesn’t work in the changing rooms . I wouldn’t even pay 200EGP a month for this place let alone the 3500EGP they are asking for… scam !
منتهي عدم النظافة والمسؤولية . مهووسين بالفلوس وتجديد الاشتراك مقابل لا شيء
This is the most practical gym membership option in Zamalek , but it really needs investment in equipment and facilities . Nobody is taking care of it : frowning_face :
Very friendly , super good service . Highly recommended !
Impromptu greatness to go from butterfly : feather : feather to long bob ! Great service and attention to detail
I am absolutely in love with my new hair ! I went in for a lightening service , and the result is better than what I dreamed of . The color is stunning , seamless , and looks so natural . Tony is true professional with a great eye for detail and the entire team works amazingly well together Highly recommend
Thank you Tony to you and your fabulous team ! Me and my family received the best service ever : hair spa ! Precise hair cuts , relaxing scalp massage , perfect coloring and beautiful hair brushing ! Plus good laughters and a joyful atmosphere . Whenever we are in Cairo - we will come back !
Super Serivce from sako i got my hair highlighted with roots and his special technique in brushing all women asked where i done that thanks for the magic hands and the rest of staff are super also million thanks
J'ai fais une très belle French Manucure avec Mouna , personnel très professionnel et minutieux ! Je recommande vivement et suis très satisfaite
Kahire’de kaldığım otele yakın olduğu için Tony Beauty Lounge’a gittim ve gerçekten çok memnun kaldım . Saçıma fön çektirdim . Saçım çok düzgün , parlak ve uzun süre kalıcı oldu . Çalışanlar çok nazik ve profesyoneldi . Ne istediğimi dikkatle dinleyip tam istediğim gibi yaptılar . Salon genel olarak çok temiz ve bakımlıydı , hijyen konusunda içim çok rahat etti . Hizmet kalitesi çok iyiydi , güvenliydi , ortam da rahatlatıcıydı . Fiyatlar da verilen hizmete göre gayet makuldü . Kesinlikle tavsiye ederim .
بجد اكتر صالون عرف يظبط شعري و عايزة اشكرهم علي ذوقهم في التعامل و النقاش . انبسطت اوي بقصتي خصوصا اني محجبة . تسلم ايديهم بجد خصوصا مني . ان شاء الله تتكرر التجربة تاني . : pink_heart :
I had a wonderful experience at Tony Beauty Lounge . The staff were extremely helpful , kind , and welcoming — I immediately felt comfortable and truly appreciated . Mrs . Mona was especially lovely and professional; she was very friendly and did an excellent job styling my hair . I left with a beautiful blow - dry and feeling very satisfied and gratified . Highly recommended for both the service and the warm atmosphere !
رموش اسبوعيه عند رشا : face_blowing_a_kiss : سريعه وبطله ومريم عسل الريسبشن
شغل تحفة حبيت بجد
One of the best salons in egypt
Great haircut ! Very decent price and really skillful hairdressers .
شغلهم تحفه في الشعر والقص وغسيل الشعر EMO_POS : thumbs_up_light_skin_tone :
Perfect place and service
On holiday in Cairo and had the most beautiful haircut and blow out . Highly recommend . Great service and price . Lovely staff .
Tony and Assad are truly the best hairdressers ! Tony completely understood the assignment and exceeded my expectations — he gave me an amazing hair color that blends beautifully , looks natural , and feels super fresh . Assad worked his magic with the haircut , and the result is absolutely fantastic . The rest of the staff are professional and welcoming . Special thanks to Tony for his incredible talent and care . Honestly , I’d give them a million out of ten
ماتوصلون للسعوديه ؟
يا ريت تتعلمو اصول التعامل مع الزبائن ، طفشتونا من البداية بسبب قلة الذوق بتع حضراتكو
For the traditional and old house clothes materials try to go to the old store not the new one
حلو بس غالي
‏الخدمة هيلا هيلا هل بصراحة انا مش مصدق اللي ده يطلع من اوديو يا حسين
محل جميل مكان جميل والي فيه خدومين واسعار مناسبه
Very bad service and the staff are very rude ! ! !
خامات مميزة وجودتها عالية جدا تعامل الباعة راقي وبابتسامة جميلة
Outstanding service at the Dental Health Centre ! The doctors are not only highly skilled and knowledgeable but also very professional and caring . I really appreciate the cleaning staff too — they’re respectful , responsible , and help keep everything spotless . The whole team works together with such harmony and hospitality that you feel welcome the moment you arrive . If you’re looking for safe , honest , and reliable dental care that values your time , this is definitely the place to go !
مركز العبد ممتازين وعندهم اخصائيين في كل تخصصات الاسنان ما شاء الله خدمه طبيه متميزه تعاملت معاهم في الزراعه لوالدتي وبنج كلي لابني 5 سنوات والحمدلله الامور تمام
"من واقع تجربتي… شغلهم دقيق ، منظم ، والاهتمام بالمريض بييجي قبل اي حاجة . "
الحمدلله رب العالمين عملت زراعة وحشو عصب وطرابيش والمركز في غاية النظافة والتعقيم
Very very bad dental clinic
بيعتمدوا علي شاطرتهم في التسويق والاعلانات لكن مفيش ذمة ولا جودة في الشغل وممكن يسلمك شغل مش مضبوط . . وبيدبسك بالفلوس عشان تقبل باي حاجة ويقولولك استاذ في جامعة الازهر طب فين الامانة المصداقية قبل ما تتكلموا عالازهر . . حتي لما رجعت للادرة بتستحل تاكل الحرام عادي
شكرا جزيلا د . صلاح سالم ، فعلا من امهر اطباء الاسنان ، يده خفيفة وشغله متقن في الزراعة والخلع وسحب العصب والتلبيسات ، بدون الم ونتيجة ممتازة ، ويتميز بالانجاز بوقت قياسي . شكرا علي احترافيتك واهتمامك براحة المريض . وايضا الدكتوره بنان ماقصرت يدها خفيفه ومحترفه واهم شي دقيقه وتركيزها عالي وهذا الشي يطمن المريض : thumbs_up_light_skin_tone :
Tooth extraction was smooth and easy , efficient dental abilities , recommended a lot by
My Holiday destination end me fixing my tooth and hygiene cleaning was so beautiful and no need appointments drop in and walk out smile face
My kids and I have been visiting this dental clinic for almost a year now . We are from America and explored several options , but this clinic stood out the most . It is very clean , well - organized , and extremely kid - friendly . The staff is professional and welcoming , and we always feel well taken care of . Highly recommended !
ما شاء الله ملك الابتسامة والزرع
Good dentist
Dr . salah bäst hela Cairo jobbar super bra och gör dig tips innan du börjar och på sista stora skillnaden så jag rekommenderar för bästa doktorn Tusen tack Dr . salah
عيادة ممتازة و الدكتور صلاح دكتور شاطر و مخلص و متفهم جدا . تجربة ممتازة ١٠/١٠
very nice clinic
Great dentist and very kind staff
الافضل علي الاطلاق جيته من كندا وسويت ابتسامة مرة تجنن
Magnifique expérience . . excelent docteur salah SALEM . . Des mains en or . . J'ai rien sentis . . Exceptionnel . . Je recommande fortement . . Excellent rapport qualité prix . . A ne pas manqué . . Merci encore docteur . .
المرضين ممتازين
perfect
Very good experience and good service
The doctor very helpful and the clinic is very clean . I highly recommend it .
معاملتهم زفت
مكان نظيف
Perfect : ok_hand_light_skin_tone : EMO_POS
Never viste just near by Any way hope success
المكان جميل والكلوكيكشن تحف بجد
Bad experience and quality after washing
ذوق وروعة
ن
انا تعاملت مع فرع فيصل ناس محترمين جدا في التعامل
عروض جيده ومنتجات جيده
من اجمل الخامات واسعار معقوله جدا
التعامل سئ جدا
محترمين جدا
The staff were arrogant and treated the medicines as if they were just selling snacks . They don’t really understand anything , yet they act like doctors . All they care about is selling to people and making money . : face_vomiting :
Hello it is possible to order medicíne to Slovakia ?
عشرة علي عشرة
خبرة في المجال وحسن معاملة
كل الادوية متاحة
جميع طلباتي من الادويه موجوده
صيدليه ممتازه ، لا لا كلمة ممتازة قليلة جدا والله في حقهم اقسم بالله العظيم عن تجربة شخصية .
احببته
المعامله محترمه والاكل نضيف مش بيتعب البطن
Tam bir tavuk çevirme aldım , karşılama ve ilgi iyi .
تجربه سيئه جدا فيه كذا حاجه الفراخ زفره سندوتش الشاروما بتكون دافع فيه والحشو قليل والتوميه مش احسن حاجه حتي البطاطس ارجو التحسن ويكون فيه اسعار اقل من كدا او عروض
احلي اكل جوده و سعر ممتاز مناسب جدا
طعم الشاورما جميل جدا لكن العيش مغطي علي طعم الشاورما
الاكل زفر جداا وف منتهي البشاعه
Great street food with the taste of Cairo . Tried a few other places , but this the the best in town … be prepared , that’s it .
This store has the best testy wrap food , and very nice prices , 2024 and 2025 my husband have gone to here and buy their wrap food .
مطعم ممتاز والناس اللي شغال في غاية الاحترام والطلب مش بتاخر انصح بيه
Best street shawarma , best guys , no foolin
لا تاج ولا سوري
High quality of products don’t justify quite high and exaggerated prices , lack of car parking is also an issue here ! !
احسن الخضار والفاكهة واللحوم عندهم ناس محترمين
مكان موجود كل شي فيه
معاملة غير محترمة وديليفري سئ للغاية ومتاخر
عادي يعني بس في حاجات سعرها غالي خلو بالكو والميزان اتكاده
جيد الي حد ما
سوبر ماركت متنوع
جميل وراقي
مكان حلو جدا و كباتن محترمة و السعر ممتاز
Is there a branch for women?
مكان ممتاز وسعر علي اد الايد
For its price , great gym . Small and compact , has good community
Very nice people : the owner is a great guy , the staff are very helpful and friendly . The gym has all you need for working out .
ارقي تعامل و خدمه طبيه ممتازة من الدكتور جداد في الزراعه و الدكتور طارق احمد في باقي العلاجات
العياده نضيفه جدا و الدكاتره محترمين و شكرا لدكتوره شروق
ميرسي جدا لدكتور علا تسلم ايد حضرتك و ميرسي لزوق البنات جدا و نظافه المركز بالتوفيق دايما يا رب EMO_POS EMO_POS
عيادة جميلة وننصح بها
المكان جدا حلو و الدكاترة محترفين بالاخص دكتور داليا و طاقم التمريض بتاعها استاذة مني حد متقن و مخلص في شغله جدا و تجربه كتير مميزة
للاسف الشديد ، مركز الفارابي للاسنان يتراجع للخلف وللاسوا يوما بعد يوم ، لا احترافية ، لا اتقان في العمل ، … . حصل معي موقفين خلال ٢٠٢٥ و بداية ٢٠٢٦ ، اثبتت بالفعل انه لابد من البحث عن مركز اسنان اخر حتي اكمل علاجي فيه . فشل في تركيب وزراعة الاسنان ، مع الام شديدة و نتيجة غير مرضية بالنسبة لحجم ما تم زراعته . لا احترافية عند دخول المريض عند الدكتور ( الدكتور يتحدث مع الممرضة خلال العمل علي الاسنان باحاديث جانبية و هامشية و شخصية لا تهم المريض ، بل تزعجه ) ومرات الدكتور يقوم بتوبيخ الممرضة بشكل غير لائق تماما ، مما يزعج المريض . وغير ذلك … . ارجو التخلص من هذه المشاكل والعودة بمركز الفارابي لسابق عهده الجميل والرائع والمرضي للجميع .
الدكتور احمد عبدالفتاح ممتاز جدا جدا
دكتورة شروق من اشطر الدكاترة ده غير المعامله الحلوة اوي اوي والاستاف كله فاتن وشهد قمه الذوق EMO_POS EMO_POS
حقيقي افضل عيادة وكادر الموظفين رهيبين والدكاترة فنانين بشغلهم ، انا حابه اقول لكم اسناني صارت تحفة بشكل ! ! بنات الريسبشن فاتن وشهد عسل وخدومات ودائما بشوشات ، كل التوفيق يارب وشكرا لكم EMO_POS
Today I visited to this dental clinic &I was amazed by their hospitality & special treatment am so thankful to Dr ola adel
The best doctor Tarek Ahmed
دكتور طارق احمد الاهل جوه ومدحوه وجيته وكان شاطر صراحه والاستقبال كلهم لطيفين انصح بالدكتور صراحه : white_heart :
I went to four Salon and I was in a hurry . A girl named Diana did my nails quickly and very professionally . Thank you , Diana and four Salon . : nail_polish : : sparkles :
Excellent service & one of the most clean beauty Salon . The team are very friendly and Helpful Naglaa & Menna are excellent and very professional : heart_suit : : heart_suit :
Aya is the best in hair , nails everything she is just perfect ! ! ! !
Neama and Mai ( the assistant ) were more than amazing ! The place is very nice and clean as well
The manager at Silver Star is very rude and disrespectful as he told me that veiled women can’t have their hair done on rush time after I entered the place ! ! ! He told me that these are the shops’ rules ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! The owner is respectful and tried to compensate me but I won’t go there again !
One of the best spots in new cairo for nails . Neama is wonderful , professional and friendly . Quick and efficient service .
Rip offs ! ! They charge for your breath there ! Charge for coffee ( 250 EGP ) although I wasn’t told !
تحيه خاصه النسرين وحبيبه EMO_POS
مشالله شغلهم تحفة مش اخر مره اتعامل معاهم مريم بتشتغل اظافر شغلها جميل وتحفة واكتر من تحفة وسريعة مشالله تعامل واسلوب : two_hearts : : two_hearts : : two_hearts : : two_hearts :
Best experience and my favorite are Shaza for the nail tech and Aya for removal : heart_suit : : heart_suit : : heart_suit : : heart_suit : : heart_suit : : heart_suit :
Their hijabi section is better than most regular salons ! Ask for Azza , shes really good at doing your hair and fast too
Favorite place : military_medal : Shaza is the best for gel nails : clapping_hands : Ayman is my go to for hair and it's all very organized bec of Passant and Karim : folded_hands :
One of the best places to pamper one self . I always feel glamorous by the time I leave this place .
Respectful employees with attention to details
If you’re looking for a place to completely mess up your appearance this salon is THE BEST I walked in with thick full eyebrows that just needed a bit of shaping and now I’ve been filling them in with a pencil for two weeks because they completely ruined them as for my nails I explained exactly what I wanted but somehow they did the total opposite and the result was a terrible shape and finish that looks nothing like what I asked for the only thing that was okay was the hair service but honestly anyone could have done the same thing if you care about how you look don’t waste your time here
One of the cleanest and most comfortable places and a great staff of the most beautiful and kind girls and very friendly staff . : heart_suit : : heart_suit : When you go you should ask about Ahmed Ayman the best hairdresser , and adham the best assistant ever : heart_suit : Naglaa , Nema , Ghina , and Shaza the best girls in this place for all pedicure and gel services . The best team ever Thank you guys for everything EMO_POS
Absolutely horrible experience , I do not recommend by any means . staff are extremely pushy and sneaky , they try to make you pay more for extra products and services that you don't need . The manager has an attitude , and the owner is extremely rude . instead of apologizing she screamed at me telling me that she owned "the best salon in Egypt" and that I am the problem , in addition to closing the call in my face . she then proceeded to block my account on instgram fearing that I would leave any bad reviews .
مطعم ممتاز واسلوب متميز وطعم رائع وخدمه رائعه ولكم التحيه جميعا : ok_hand : : ok_hand : من اجمل مااكلت بيتزا صراحه
احب الاكل الايطالي وجربت عندهم بيتزاء جبيري هي جميله لكن يقدر يخلها افضل بكثير فيه افضل منه خاصة العجينه عك . مديرهم ولي يشتغلون معه رهيبين الله يرزقهم ويبارك لهم
تحفهه يستاهل ١٠ من ١٠ و نجمه EMO_POS EMO_POS : star - struck :
افضل مطعم بيتزا في مصر
طعم كويس ونضيف بس محتاج يزود كواليتي الجبنه شوية
Top quality food and service
غيروا الاسم : smiling_face_with_tear : والباقي ما تغير : grinning_face :
One of my favorite places in el Zamalek Shika is very helpful and when it comes to food it’s one of my favorite places to eat and i used to thank the chief by myself .
ماشاء الله
The staff was really nice and helpful , Me and my friends tried Quatro pasta , Alfredo pasta , Margarita pizza and Crispino pizza , they were really delicious , I enjoyed the food , the drinks and the place so much EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
سيئ
Very charming atmosphere in Zamalek . . friendly team and reasonable prices . . I really recommend
The place was empty so I can’t comment on the atmosphere really . Clean , correct the curry and vegetables I had was very nice . A bit expensive .
Best Hair dresser in zamalek
صالون جميل جدا والاصتف لذيذ جدا
Amazing service and such a lovely place خدمة رائعة ومكان جميل جدا
المكان حلو والموظفين عسل .
Perfect place in all services : heart_suit : : heart_suit :
Staff is super friendly and professional . 10/10 recommend
Best place ever Clean Professional Expert in hair colour , hairstyling , everything , nails , eyebrow , hair extensions
Every time I visit Éclat Beauty Salon , I am impressed by the overall experience . The salon is not only well - organized and efficient , but the staff also goes above and beyond to make you feel welcome . A special mention goes to Shaimaa , who is an incredible manicurist . Her attention to detail and skill are unmatched , and she takes the time to ensure that everyone is completely satisfied with not just results but the overall experience ! She makes you feel at home . Bebo is also an exponential hairdresser . He listens to what you want and delivers the look you exactly wanted ! If you’re looking for a salon where you’ll be treated with care and professionalism , Éclat Beauty Salon is the place to go !
The best in the town very professional : white_heart : : white_heart :
Absolutely loved my experience here ! The team is so welcoming and talented . The stylist understood exactly what I wanted and gave me the perfect look . The salon is clean , organized , and has a lovely atmosphere . I will definitely come back again ! Thanks bebo & shimaa : folded_hands_medium - light_skin_tone : EMO_POS EMO_POS
قصيت شعري وسويت ويفي والنتيجة كانت فوق التوقع : face_holding_back_tears : : face_holding_back_tears : مرة طلع جميل هذي اول زيارة لي وان شاء الله مو اخر مرة : white_heart :
تعامل راقي واخلاق عاليه وشغل فوق الممتاز جميع الاستف فوق المستوي الراقي
شغلهم مرا حلو والتعامل احلي الله يسعدهم وشكرا
افضل صالون فيكي ياقاهرة شغلهم ماشالله تبارك الرحمن ولا غلطة وعندكم صاحبة المكان اسمها شيماء تهبل واللي يسوي الشعر ابانوب تسلم ايده وبصراحه الطاقم كامل كلهم يجننون من غير استثناء
I had an amazing experience at this salon ! Their hair , manicure , and pedicure services are truly outstanding . A special thank you to Sama for her kindness and warm welcome , and to the incredibly talented Bibo for his exceptional work . He colored my hair perfectly , I couldn’t be happier with the result ! Highly recommended !
بيبو مره كويس وشاطر ، شعري كيرلي فهم له عجبتني النتيجة اوي .
So professional
Thank you , guarantee Clinic for the great dental care and wonderful reception .
المكان ممتاز والخدمة علي اعلي مستوي والموظفين في قمة الزوق بجد و حرفيا انصحكم بالتعامل معاهم
حقيقي مكان جميل جدا واستقبل رائع شكرا جدا لحضرتكم : heart_suit :
المكان جميل والناس محترمة جدا من اول السكرتارية لحد الدكاترة شكرا جدا
بصراحة من يوم دخلت عيادة جرانتي وانا مبسوط من التعامل الراقي . بداية من الاخت رحمة في الاستقبال ، اللي تعاملها ذوق وابتسامتها تهون علي الواحد تعب الانتظار ، وتخلي جو العيادة مريح وحلو . وبعدها جيت للدكتور اسامة ، وما شاء الله تبارك الله… اسلوبه وشرحه واهتمامه بالتفاصيل يخلي الواحد يثق في كلامه من دون تردد . يعطيك راحة نفسية ويحسسك انك بين ايد امينة . بصراحة الاثنين يرفعون سمعة المكان ، وتعاملهم يخلي الواحد يرجع وهو راضي ومرتاح
حقيقة حاب اشكر موظفة الاستقبال الاستاذة رحمة علي تعاملها الراقي ولطافتها اللي تشرح الصدر . من اول ما دخلت وانا احس براحة من اسلوبها المحترم وابتسامتها اللي تعكس احترافية عالية . ساعدتني بكل رحابة صدر وقدمت لي المعلومات بكل وضوح واهتمام . بصراحة تستاهل خمسة نجوم واكثر ، ونموذج مشرف للواجهة الاولي للمكان . يعطيها العافية وما قصرت . وبرضو احب اشكر الدكاترة علي مهنيتهم العالية وتعاملهم الرائع . كانوا واضحين في شرح الاجراءات ومريحين جدا في اسلوبهم ، وما حسيت باي الام خلال العلاج . عن جد فريق احترافي ويستحق كل الشكر والتقدير
عيادة رائعة جدا شكرا الدكتور المحترم احمد علوان
It was a great experience with professional doctors .
Professional service highly recommended
Special thanks to doctor Nancy .
العياده نظيفه جدا والدكاتره شاطرين جداا والاداره منظمه العمل بحيث المريض مابخدتش وقت واذكر بالشكر استاذ علاء
Very friendly staff , and Dr . Rashed is the best : )
خدمه ممتازه و اطباء ذو كفاءه
المكان محترم جدا اطباء ممتازين و المتابعه بعد الكشف ممتازه
Amazing and dr ali is very professional
Great and fast
بجد من اعظم التجارب الي مريت بيها في حياتي قد ايه متابعه كل مشاكل صعبه في الاسنان بدون الم بروفيشنال جدا . . مواعيد مظبوطه ساعدوني دايما اوصل لاحسن حال مفيش ، الم خالص عالجت كل اسناني . . بشكر دكتور علي شكر كبير علي كل التعب والجهد ربنا يجعلك سبب دايما في ازاله اي الم . . شكرا مركز حياه بالتوفيق دايما
محترمين جدا ، دكتور محمد راشد محترم جدا
服务热情，周到，环境不错，
للاسف الصالون اخترب السنه اللي فاتت كان افضل بكثير تركيب الرموش فاشل وجوده الرموش افشل
مكان زي الفل ومحترم والناس الموجوده جميله جدا وربنا يباركلهم كلهم
Extremely recommended Madame Amal on top EMO_POS
The place is clean , and the staff members are kind . They understand what you really want .
One of the best place in zamalek
من احلا الصالون الي اتعملت فيه والخدمات بتاعتهم حلوه جدا وناس محترمه وناس شغلهم حلوه جدا
خدمه ممتازه جدا والمكان وكل حاجه فيه تحفه
ازفت صالون مر علي بحياتي طلبت يصبغ لي بني وبدون سحب لون بنات انصدمت سحب لي لون بدون مادري الشعر طلع لونه برتقالي جلست خمس ساعات عشان يرقع فيه فوق 4 صبغات ويقول تعالي بكره نعدله واجي اللي ينظف الارض هو يصبغ لي وطبعا ماتعدل مرقع مانصح الخليجيات يجونه تعامل سيئ
Best eye lashes there , thanks dear Anatolian
A great experience with madame Amal . Very clean and professional . Had a fantastic experience .
Clean place with kind staff . I have been going to Ms Amal for the past year for wax appointments and she’s lovely and very professional . Can’t recommend her enough !
جيم متواضع
رائع فقط ينقصه المسبح
H2o جيم
Update May 23 : suitable for men , better take a look before you join . UPDATE AUG 22 : it is now h2o gym Med size gym , nice place and staff , reasonable membership fees including variety of classes
Gym H2o
Friendly
bad management
من افضل جيمات الزمالك
السعر مبالغ فيه والمكان صغير فهناك في الزمالك افضل منه من حيث السعر والمساحه والاجهزة
رحت جيمات كتيره والله معروفه جدا لازال فورس جيم افضلهم كا سيرفيس ستاف كباتن اداره نظافه اجهزه
اشكر المدرب ميدو وجميع العاملين في هذا النادي قمة بالاحترام والتقدير للمشتركين
مكان جميل ونظيف وفيه كل الاجهزه والناس محترمين ومتعاونين جدا
Not good nor bad , I would say it’s average ! It’s super clean , I would give them that ! But they don’t have any resistance bands idk why tbh ! I didn’t get to meet the manager but coaches are friendly and some of them would correct you if you do something wrong during training , others would just ignore ( like every other place as well ) . Front desk is tough to talk about , some were nice and some were just cold . Over all , I would say people should go there if they’re looking for some place within the walking distance . I would not recommend committing to annual plan without trying it for a month first .
ممكن سعر الاشتراك والمواعيد ايه للرجال
The gym offers everything you need for resistance training , and it’s a cozy place with super friendly people
good stuff specially ahmed eid & hamed ashraf & ahmed waheed good stuff EMO_POS
Has all you need for a proper workout and the entire staff are sweet and polite . شكرا لسعيد و سعودي و كل الفريق
اجمد جيم ف شبرا
clean , nice and worth every penny .
غير منظم اطلاقا وغير مرتب
مكان مميز و مدربين علي اعلي مستوي
Not clean and machines are not working Not recommended or worthy : multiply :
غالي اوي
بحب الرياضه وطبيعة المكان ممتاز
مش محترمين و وبيجيب لي الاوردر ناقص و بياخد خدمه 25 جنيه و اجي اكلمو يزعق مش محترمين منصحش حد ياخد من عندو حاجه
The worst ever ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Bad delivery , bad attitude , no receipt and fake prices ! ! ! ! Total mess ! ! ! ! !
استغلالي جدا
الخدمه سيئه جدا طالبه اوردر بقالي ساعه ونص اقسم بالله وكل ما اكلمهم يقولو خرج حاجه في منتهاء الاستفزاز
اسعار غير صحيحه
Refused to send me delivery food
انصح بزياره هذا المكان
اوحش سوبرماركت هنا اوعو تطلبو منو حاجه
. متوفر فيه كثير من البضاءع
I loved the food experince
好吃
حاجه جامدة و نظفة بصراحة بس لازم تكلمهم الاول عشان الاوردرات كتير
الخدمه ممتازه و الاكل تحفه EMO_POS
اسعارهم حلوة قوي بالمقارنة ب الاكل "طعم و حجم" اللي بيقدموه : raising_hands_medium - light_skin_tone : : raising_hands_medium - light_skin_tone :
The Quality of food is good for the burger But the fries is not that good I had an issue that all my requests were ignored . . I asked to remove the BBQ sauce but they didn’t Also , there was no big tasty sauce as mentioned in the description As well as I ordered soft drink but they didn’t bring it
حلو جدا ونضيف وتيم لذيذ
ناس محترمه و زوق و كميات كبيره و كواليتي حلوه و سعر حلو اوي
Nicely caramelized bun , chargrilled smash burger was amazing but the fries were not the best .
الاكل كان بسم الله من احسن الكولتي الي دقتها لغياط دلوقتي الاستف متساعد لدرجه كبيره و لزيز جداد
A good overall Burger with so many choices to pick from
محل محترم فيه كل حاجه
كل ما تحتاجه موجود
متوفر بهكاة البضائع وبجودة عالية
اسلوب ذي الزفت
Good pharmacy but access is very difficult due to adjacent construction of underground station .
هذا فرع من صيدليات سيف موجود في المنيل
Nice place and staff
تعامل سيئ جدا الاوردر يتاخر وغير مكتمل . . . . .
صيدليه ممتازة وكذالك جميع العاملين فيها ناس محترمين وتعاملهم راقي
متوفر اغلب الادوية
جيدة
فرع سيئ للغاية في التعامل واصطف في قمة قلة الذوق منصحش اي شخص بالتعامل معاهم
معاملة محترمة ومجتهدين في جلب رضا المرضي
كويسه حصلت عندهم علاج لم اجده في كثير من الصيدليات زحمه شويه
Horrible service
الموظفين بيتعملوا بقلت ذوق جدا
صيدليه من مجموعة صيدليات بتصرف تامين صحي
Comimos de degustación , la comida no fue muy variada y su sabor no era el esperado echamos en falta la torta de pan típica egipcia . Muy lento el servicio aunque no es caro , pero no es de los más recomendables para un extranjero en Egipto . No nos gustó mucho
تحفهه
verey good
اطعم فطير شرقي و احلا حواوشي
فوق الممتاز اوي
: heart_suit :
Good facilities , great equipment but overall small space
مكان جميل وفي مصدقيه والملابس متنوعه وجميله
Great location with nile view
جميل ومميز
فيو رائع وتدريب هايل وادارة فوق الممتازة بجد ناس محترمين جدا واحلي جدول كلاسات
Not clean . . very bad hospitality . . receptionists are very rude
الجيم محترم جدا وبيقدم خدمات ممتازة ومستوي المدربين عالي يكفي الفيو علي النيل
المكان جميل جدا وادارة ممتازة والاجهزة محترمة
صيدلية جميلةفيها معظم المنتجاتتقريبا
Very bad customer service . 2 : 30 hours and still the order not delivered . I had to cancel the order .
صدق وامانه وحسن معاملة ونظام ولا يوجد اي استغلال صيدلية محترمه جدا
تعامل ممتاز وتوفير للدوا باسرع وقت
شكرا علي تعامل صاحب المحل EMO_POS
المعامله في فرع و سط البلد جميله في ولد اسمه موسي معاملته كويسه
غالي بس نضيف
محل ملابس رياضيه احسن ناس
كل مايخص كره القدم
Très mauvais qualité avec bruit sonore partout !
الاكل مش مستوي الخدمة مش احسن حاجة والمكان دوشة
لا يستحق الزياره
اسوء معاملة واسوء ردود علي العملاء واسوء طيارين توصيل طلبات بالتالي هيكون اسوء جودة اكل
جيد لدرجة كبيرة الملاحظ استغراق وقت اكثر من اللازم في انتطار الاوردر
الاكل طعمه رائع واسعاره حلوه اقل من بره وجوده حلوه . .
خدمه الدليفري زيرو
الطعم مقرف و اسعار غاليه
رائع وجميل
Amazing ! It is one of the best cafes that I've been to in cairo .
المكلة يطول ولا الاكل لذيذ
Gran atención del gerente y camareros , a muy buen precio . Gracias !
Petit arrêt reposant pour déguster de bon vin , enfin ! ! ! ! ! après dix jours d'immersion en EGYPTE
Wir haben beide Hauptgerichte bestellt , Schnitzel und Hühnerbrust , dazu einen Salat . Die Pommes hierzu waren weich , die Hühnerbrust trocken und der Salat nicht mehr frisch . Das Schnitzel und der Reis waren dafür gut . Der Tisch , obwohl bereits seit längerem unbenutzt , war dreckig und klebrig , die Stühle bzw . Sessel sind ebenfalls dreckig gewesen . Als wir um zwei Teller gebeten haben , bekamen wir nach einer Weile einen Teller . Da es sich um ein Restaurant im Hilton Hotel Ramses handelt war es entsprechend teuer . Insgesamt muss ich leider sagen , dass Preis / Leistung in einem krassen Missverhältnis zueinander stehen und ein Besuch dort nicht zu empfehlen ist .
Excelente ambiente y buena atención .
honestly not to what i have expected . not suitable for muslims . half of drinks were unhalal . Whilst the sodas and coffee and fresh juices were okay . But seating is old and needs renewal
Lovely cafe inside the hotel , so expensive but that’s normal for such place .
Perfect , place was so calm and worm , the waiter was so friendly
صيدلية متكاملة
خدمه سيئه جدا قبل اسبوعين طلبته دواء لي اخوي موش جابولي الدواء و اخويه تعب جدا ورحنا بيه الي المستشفي يعني هي صيدليه لي خدمة الشعب و المريض و شكرا
ممتاذ جدا
صيدلية محترمه وتعامل راقي
Varieties and nice prices
رائع : thumbs_up_light_skin_tone :
Very rude staff .
Horrible shopping experience , salespeople constantly exaggerate prices of items by 100 pounds as they saw I’m not familiar with the currency - quite disappointing to say the least !
They accept cash only NO CREDIT CARDS
خامات مميزة باسعار ممتازة والمعاملة راقية جدا
I had a great experience . A special thanks to Mustafa , who was incredibly efficient and welcoming from the moment I arrived; he really makes you feel at ease . The dentists are highly professional and skilled , explaining everything clearly . I highly recommend this clinic to anyone looking for quality dental care
Good service and the most perfect clinic thanks Dr Mohamed Eid and Dr Lena and Mr Mostafa
Very good doctor , service was very very good
مشاء الله العيادة جميله جدا والدكاتره كمان شغلهم جميل خالص م
عيادة ممتازة ونظيفه
Excellent dental clinic with a very professional and friendly team . The staff are cooperative , caring , and make you feel comfortable . The quality of work is outstanding , and the service is highly professional . Highly recommended
Great dental practice . Very quick and easy to get an appointment . The staff are all very qualified and make you feel comfortable throughout . The equipment and facilities are all modern and make the whole process a lot easier
الحقيقه كانت تجربتي ممتازه في هذي العيادة وكل الشكر والتقدير للاخ مصطفي : two_hearts :
Professional dentist who I felt gave honest opinions on treatment options and knowledgable on previous dental work I had . Reasonable pricing , hygienic clinic and easy communication when booking . Thanks !
perfect clinic , staff very professional and clinic is so clean , i had a strong pain in my tooth and they quickly gave me an appointment and fixed it , their pricings are very fair . شكر خاص لدكتور لينا و استاذ مصطفي و كل الطاقم الطبي علي مجهودهم
The clinic is worth a visit . It's clean , the appointments are very good , and the work is excellent , especially Mr . Mustafa .
Im am satisfied with my whitening treatment . The doctor that helped me with the treatment was Mohamed Eid , it was professional and I am satisfied .
The clinic staff was amazing , very professional , and of great quality of work
مكان مقزز جدا ورائحته عفنه
مكان تلاقي فيه كل الانت عايزو والاهم من كدا ناس محترمة جدا وبتخاف ربنا
الناس دي معملتهم حلوه جدا
جيدون في المعامله
ممتاز بارك الله فيكم
Lily76
Good market good price has an important location to supply services
This place should close , it getting worse . No maintenance , no cleaning . Only one coach that doesn’t really know any thing about it . I have been there for 2 years but finally I decided i should move
Good price but environment is not satisfying .
Worst Gym in all of Cairo , terrible staff , non - existent customer service . Smells like sewage , kept up like a discarded piece of trash , and don't even get me started on the facility . Attached pictures are of the Sauna room and Jacuzzi Hot tub .
The worst experience you could ever have If you want to get scammed join oxfit The worst staff you can ever deal with There is only one coach on the floor The place is not clean at all And the light cuts off everyday because they don't charge the card I've been there for almost 2 years and it's no longer worthy
صارلي اكثر من سنه ونص وياهم ، مكان نظيف ويسعون دائما للتطوير ويهتمون بالاراء ويشتغلون عليها ( يتم الاستجابة باسرع وقت ممكن ) ، المكان صغير نسبيا بس مترتب بطريقة مفيدة وجيده طابق النساء متاح كل الايام بشكل فعال وجيد وجود كلاسات كل ايام الاسبوع مع ذكر المواعيد علي جروب مخصوص بحيث مايكونش بشكل عشوائي ويزعج الاخرين ، مع متابعه دورية من الاداره . الريسبشن وكذلك الكباتن كلهم لطاف ومتعاونين وغير مزعجين . بالتوفيق ليهم ، وشكرا جدا للتعاون .
Decent mid price gym ( 150EGP as of may 2025 ) . The equipment is somewhat well maintained apart from some old machines . A good amount of cardio machines which were missing in other gyms in the district Went early in the morning and was alone There's a floor dedicated for ladies Overall expected a bit more for the price but it's fine just to keep active ( Unrelated protip : a BIM supermarket about 400 meters north sells protein yogurt )
J'étais 2 semaines au Caire et je suis venu m'entraîner ici . Le prix pour une séance unique est de 150 EGP ( 3$ ) . La salle est climatisée . Les vestiaires disposent d'une fermeture pour laisser vos affaires . Pensez à prendre un cadenas , ils n'en donnent pas un automatiquement . Les équipements sont en bon état et il y a tout ce qu'il faut pour pouvoir réaliser une séance de qualité . Les adhérents que j'ai croisé étaient sympathiques et le personnel était souriant . Je recommande fortement : )
I spent two years in Oxfit . Nice gym and nice crew . Clean and good equipment I would say thank you for all the crew especially youssef : sparkles : : sparkles : I enjoyed working out with Oxfit EMO_POS
One of best gym ever in the area including private separated zone for ( her ) , and professional stuff as sales and coaches and nice seasonal offers
旅行中に利用しました。一回150EGPでトレーニングできるのが良いですね。 中は狭いですが、数多くのマシンがあり、充実したトレーニングができます。 2階にシャワー、トイレを備えた更衣室があります。 スタッフの対応も良好です
تجربه اتمني محدش يجربها جيم في منتهي الاهمال وقله الادب كان في تصليحات وعمال رايحة جايه في الجيم وبعد مارحت ومقلوش حتي ان في عمال وحاجه قله ادي جدا محدش يروح الجيم ده تاني ومرضوش يدوني بقيه الفلوس لما المهزله ديحصلت
مافي فنانين في الاثنين و السبت
Great place with a very nice and adorable vibes
من احلي والطف الاماكن اللي ممكن تجيلها وتسهر فيها وتقضي وقت ممتع ورايق جدا : two_hearts : والاحلي كمان استاذ وليد اللي كل مرة بيغمرنا بلطفه وطاقته الحلوة اللي بتضيف عالمكان كله جو مميز مستحيل تلاقيه في اي مكان تاني ، تحس انك بين اهلك وصحابك بجد وكمان كل الطاقم اللي في المكان ربنا يبارك لاستاذ وليد واستاذ خالد المحترمين : heart_suit : لو عايز مكان تتبسط وتروق فيه هيكون دقة عود احلي مكان تجيله فعلا
تحفة
محترمين واسعارهم ممتازه
Poor quality , fine atmosphere tho
مكان ممتع وجميل ولكن المشروبات محتاجه اهتمام اكتر
Service is not that good at all
بيض الله وجه الدكتور رائد كردي
شغلهم حلو . وراقين
عندكم ابره ACELL للشعر
من انظف وافخم المباني والعيادات الطبيه المتكامله
حقيقي مكان ممتاز والاستقبال فوق الرائع مش اول ولا اخر تعامل معاهم
صراحه بيتزا طعمها حلو
ممتاز : heart_suit : : heart_suit :
سعر وجوده ونضافه وخدمه ممتازه
تحفه جدا ماشاءالله تسلم ايدهم بجد روعه رووعه جدا
بصراحة من اجمل الفطاير اللي ممكن اكون طلبتها في القاهرة الاكل نضيف جدا و فريش الطعم تحفة والخدمة فوق الممتازة مستنية اجرب الفطير الحلو وهكتبله ريڤيو لوحده EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
معاملة محترمة
اكل نزلسخن جدا و حلو . . مصطفي كان لطيف
الاكل لذيذ والاسعار مناسبة والاجواء مميزة
الاجواء رائعة والجو جميل وبيطل علي بحيرة جوا مول دولفين الاكل معجبنيش مكرونة بالصلصلة كان الفلفل الاسود كتير والصلصلة مش حلوة وكتير البانيه مش طازة الاسكالوب بانيه كويس نوعا ما الاكل متقدم بشكل كويس جدا كاتبين الاسعار شاملة الضريبة في المنيو بس هيدفعوك ١٢ % خدمة
بصراحه لما مالقتش زباين كتير قولت ده مطعم وحش بس لما جه الاكل طلع فوق الممتاز وخدمه ممتازه . . . الف شكر
جميل ونظيف وسعر حلو والمشاوي حلوة جدا
الاكل هناك تحفه والاسعار في متناول الجميع
مطعم رائع الاكل جيد الخدمة جيدة والافراد والعاملين ودودين للغاية ينقصه التحديث في الاساسات وفي الموسيقي وشاشات التلفاز
المكان جميل والاكل لذيذ ومكان عائلي والخدمة كويسة والمكان نضيف
التجربة فطار رمضاني . . . المطعم بيقدم وجبات شرقي متنوعة . . . مكان المطعم والفيو المطل عليه كان اجمل حاجة . . . الاكل كان جميل جدا . . . اختيارنا كان مكرونة بالبشاميل وكانت جميلة جدا الحقيقة و مشويات مشكلة جت اتقدمت علي شواية علشان تحتفظ بسخونتها طول الوقت وكانت المشويات الحقيقة جميلة جدا وبطاطس وارز بالمكسرات وكبدة بدبس الرمان كانت تحفة وارز ابيض بالشعرية وملوخية . . . الحقيقة كانت الوجبات ممتازة وتقديمها شيك والاسعار متوسطة . . . الخدمة كانت بردو محترمة جدا من الناس ودودين وبشوشين . . . الحقيقة كانت تجربة حلوة وان شاء الله تتكرر
Reasonable for birthday parties
وجباته شهية
Food was served really cold and severely late . Regarding it was Ramadan , they were not ready to serve a large group of customers . Prices were high compared to the quality and the amount of food served . The order was missing the soup and the pasta was the worst ever . Staff was friendly though !
من افضل المطاعم الشرقيه حقيقي المكان والجو والباند الشرقي ممتاز جدا حقيقي
طلبت اورد جالي خلال ساعة ونص طبعا الاكل جه بارد وملوش طعم تجربة سيئة جدا
وجبة الكرسي ممتازة الصراحة وسعرها كويس
السنودتش صغير و الفراخ طعمها زفر و بارده حاجة بجد تقرف اتقو الله في شغلكو
ممتاز جدا عرض الصحاب
اعجبني ذلك
المطعم في مول المعز بالشيخ زايد ٦ اكتوبر ، عامل قاعدة خارجية ، ممكن تلاقي مكان للباركنج بسهوله في النهار لكن بصعوبة بالمساء لان المنطقة مليئة بالمحلات و المطاعم و الكافيهات و كل ما يخطر علي بالك حتلاقيه هناك ، الساندوتشات جيدة جدا بس اعتقد ساندوتشات فرع العجوزة احسن ( اقرا الريفيو بتاعي عن فرع العجوزة ) ، الخدمة كانت سريعه جدا ( يمكن عشان المطعم مكانش زحمة اوي ) .
Haram brunsh better thank shikhe zayd
معاكم اخوكم حبيب من المغرب صراحة احسن عيادة في مصر بدون مبالغة شغل احترافي من بداية حتي نهاية و متابعة مستمرة من دكتورة اميرة المتميزة بشغلها و طاقم المساعد ، اضافة الي التعامل المحترم من سكرتارية في ترتيب مواعيد
شكرا لك كثير دكتورة اميرة و الطاقم كامل ماشاء الله عن تجربة للامانة ٣ عيادات في مصر زرتها خلال اخر ٣ سنوات تبقي عيادة Dr . Amira الافضل من عيادة مميز و التعقيم درجة اولي بعدها خفة يد الدكتورة و فعلا ممارسة المهنة بتميز الف شكر : glowing_star :
Such an amazing experience , professional dentist fast procedure without any pain , filling like nature teeth .
Thanks to Dr . Lashin , she is professional and talented , I had a great experience and I really appreciate her work .
ممتاز والله اسعار ممتازة ودكتورة اميرة سمعتها سابقة ما شاء الله تبارك الله تسلم يدها
These people are the best ! We visited from California and they saved us
دكتور اميره بجد ممتازه وشغلها متقن جدا وعندها ضمير وبتهتم باصغر التفاصيل EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
I would like to thank the doctor Amira for her high level of skill and her respectful attitude . She was very gentle and explained every step clearly which made me feel comfortable and safe throughout the treatment . The clinic is clean and well organized , and appointments are always on time . I highly recommend her she is one of the best dentists I have ever visited . : ok_hand_medium - light_skin_tone : : grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes :
الدكتورة اميرة امينة وتخاف الله في عملها خفيفة يد وتنصح المراجع بما يناسبه للامانة ما يركزون علي الفلوس بقدر ما يحرصون علي شغلهم النظيف خاصة في الحشوات والتنظيف الي سويتها مريت عليهم وانا في زيارة سياحية وكانت تجربتي كويسه وباذن الله برجع لها في زيارة علاج لمصر مهند من السعودية
Ich war heute bei der Frau Ärztin zur Zahnreinigung und bin sehr zufrieden ! : glowing_star : Die Praxis ist sehr sauber und ordentlich , das ganze Team ist freundlich und aufmerksam . Die Zahnreinigung wurde gründlich und professionell gemacht – meine Zähne fühlen sich jetzt richtig sauber an . Auch der Preis ist sehr fair und günstig . Ich kann die Praxis nur weiterempfehlen !
Very sweet , gentle and kind . All areas are well kept and clean . 100% Would recommend ! !
Ich bin rundum zufrieden . Das Personal ist sehr nett und freundlich , die Praxis ist günstig gelegen und sehr sauber und die Ärztin kümmert sich um ihre Patienten . Ich kann sie jedem nur empfehlen .
بجد صيدليه محترمه ومتوفر عندها كل الادويه ولو ناقص بتقدر توفره واسعارها محترمه
الف شكر للمعاملة و الخدمة
معاملة ممتازة
الصيدليه كويسة جدا جدا و فيها معظم الحاجات الي بنحتاجها لكن التواصل مع الدكتور عشان يرشحلي منتج لمعالجة حاجه معينه اوقات بيبقي صعب شويه لكن في دكتوره كويسه جدا في الصيدليه ممكن ترشح منتجات لمعالجة حاجات زي الكدمات او الفطريات و دائما بيكون متوفر عروض و خصومات حلوه جدا : thumbs_up_light_skin_tone :
خدمه ممتازه وخصم نقدي علي جميع الادوية
Amazing pharmacy EMO_POS EMO_POS
صيدليه جيده معامله ممتازه فيها مندوب دليفري اسمه مصطفي رشدي حد محترم جدا جدا
صيدلية ممتازة وتعاملهم محترم
مكان ضيق المساحه جمع الادوية متوفره
سوريا : syria :
موجود كل الادوية
العاملين بالصيدلية يعملوا علي توفير الادوية بكل ترحاب
صيدلية جيدة وطاقم العمل محترمين ومتجاوبين
تعامل سيئ جدا جدا
I had veneers done at this clinic and I couldn't be happier with the results . Dr yousef was extremely professional , paid great attention to detail , and explained every step clearly . The final result looks natural and beautiful . Highly recommended !
افضل عياده في مصر القاهره د/ يوسف عسكر
من افضل الدكاتره ( يوسف سمير عسكر ) تعامل ممتاز جدا وعمل ماشاء الله تبارك الرحمن حفظكم الله ي دكتور ونتمني لكم مزيدا من التفوق والنجاح : palms_up_together_medium - light_skin_tone : : palms_up_together_medium - light_skin_tone : : thumbs_up_light_skin_tone : : thumbs_up_light_skin_tone :
The clinic has an amazing atmosphere . . . clean , comfortable , and very professional . The staff are kind and attentive , and the whole experience is smooth from start to finish . Definitely one of the best dental clinics I’ve visited
بجد دكتور يوسف دكتور شاطر جدا وكنت جيالة في حالة صعبة جدا وايدو كويسة جدا ومحستش باي حاجة بجد تسلم ايدك حضرتك وطبعا التعقيم ١٠٠/١٠٠ وبجد العيادة نظيفة جدا والتعامل بجد جميل معاهم بجد شكرا جدا
The best dentist clinic . Dr . Yousef is extremely professional and trustworthy . He takes the time to explain everything clearly and makes you feel comfortable . The clinic is very clean and all the equipment is well sanitized which really shows their high standards of hygiene and care . Dr . Yousef is truly one of the best dentists I’ve ever visited .
د . يوسف عسكر احسن دكتور اسنان في مصر : heart_suit : : heart_suit :
Despite my fear and dislike of dentists , but Dr . Youssef very skilled , so talented he is more than professional , respect their patients , friendly , flexible , the follow up is highly rated
Best EMO_POS : sparkles :
بجد تسلم ايدك دكتور يوسف EMO_POS
ماشاء الله دكتور يوسف شاطر ويستخدم طرق متقدمة بالعلاج وشغلة نظيف ومميز
دكتور يوسف دكتور ممتاز جدا عندي عدة تجارب معاه وكل الفي العيادة تعاملهم راقي صراحه
Stuff is not profession they are aggressive not all product available sometimes they make mistake in calculating the invoice
مجموعة ودودة مهذبة واحترافية
قاعده حلوه
Sha3by and nice staff
اسعار مرتفعه وخدمه ضعيفه
Although I initially had a bad experience , the care that they took with my experience to make it a good one left me no choice but to give them a five star . I got a call the next day from the very respectful gentleman who is the owner . He apologized to me for the experience and accepted all my criticism . He did not only do the call as a regular protocal , he did not end the call without making sure that I am not upset anymore . This kind of business does not exist any more in the world today . A business that cares about their customers and view them as important individuals like this place right here is a place I would like to continue doing business with . Especially when it is a health field .
مكان ممتاز وناس محترمه
Best clinic ever EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
الادويه متوفره والتعامل جميل وسلس من الدكاتره
بصراحة الخدمة عندهم ممتازة
Good Vibes : sunrise :
معظم الادويه غير موجوده
الخدمه ممتازه والعلاج متوفر بنسبه كبيره منها في غيرها
مرحبا عزيزي كم اسعار ابر التنشط
شركه ايكو
الجيم المفروض اربعه و عشرين ساعه روحت لقيتو قافل
حلو اوي و شيك
The only reason you should sign up here is out of need . Weak AC , no ventilation , machines aren't maintained , crowded . Very dirty and no cleaning equipment available . Only bearable in the morning otherwise crowded and lacking machines . Also very unhelpful staff despite them being overstaffed .
مكان محترم وناس محترمه جدا
جيم جامد جدا في كل حاجة المكان جميل جدا ومساحة حلوة واجهزة تحفة بجد
Very crowded gym , machines need some caring , refurbished and upgrade Change rooms have small spaces
جامد : fire :
الشباب اللي ف الاستقبال كانو متعاونين جدا وغاية ف اللطف ، والكوتش اللي معاهم متعاون جدا اي شغله اسالو عليها يستجيب بدون تردد ، شكرا لكم كانت تجربه جميله ، ملاحظه بس لو يزيد عدد الاجهزه يكون افضل : thumbs_up_light_skin_tone :
Nice classes
Unfriendly staff . Totally crowded . Unbearable in the evening . Unhygienic and stinking . Worst Gym around . Not recommended .
المكان موجود ف العتبة وبنصح اي حد قريب منة ومحتاج سجاد لازم يزورة
زهبت لهم من احلي العروض التي رايتها في الفيس وكانت فكره ممتازة لاني وجدت اسعار في تناول اليد
المكان جيد ومتنوع وراقي
سي جدا غير منظم وغير نظيف واسعاره غير اللي اشوفها في الاعلانات ابدا وغالبه جدا علي الموقع
رخيص جدا
Decent gym . It's a little busy , some of the machines are not the best . It does the job . Its definitely good enough for cardio
Decent gym if youre looking to get in a quick session while on a trip . Alot of reviews said 100 pound per person . Apparently this is the old price we paid 200 each .
SCAMMER ! ! ! always sad to experience something in a country that you actually liked . . they wanted to charge me 200EGP each person for me and my egyptian friend and said it was the new price even tho i saw already in the comments its 100EGP . when i went inside to "check the equipment" people told me they payed only 70EGP , i went to the front desk lady again and told her , she was visibly embarrassed , now she told me 100EGP LOL of course i left
Un po' di attrezzi c'è l'ha , ma sono in cattive condizioni , il prezzo è 200lire al giorno , dipendenti molto poco friendly , ma questa è una costante dell'Egitto , non sono famosi per essere ospitali
EGP200 이었습니다 .
隐蔽的健身房，在二楼
They're charging 600 - 800 for non Egyptians I made mistake by joining last month guys don't get scammed I was in gym 1 year ago they charged me same as Egyptian but now they have different rules This is Haram in Islam to charge more on the basis of person's region or nationality for same service or products My personal experience Egyptian are good people I'm also Muslim Alhamdulillah and I've good experience here but some people like these ruin image of country and community .
The gym is very basic and small . However it has most of the machines you"ll need for an okay workout . You"ll pay 100 EGP / day . The gym is also relatively clean ( for Egypt ) . I had a bit of trouble finding the entrance on the second floor . You have to go on the side there's a dirty hallway with some stairs to go up .
Great gym , has everything you need for a quick workout plenty of weights and cardio machines around Cairo center . Price is 100EGP per day , has shower and lockers . 10EGP litre of water . Good motivating music What else do you need?
Has everything you need , 100EGP for 1 day .
I wish to thank Dr Sameh Barsoum and his team for the exceptional work carried out recently on my dental issues and veneers . I travelled back to Egypt specifically for this , as I have total confidence in his experience and professionalism . The results even exceeded my expectations and shall not hesitate to recommend his services to others . A dear friend of mine said Sameh is the God of dentists ! I absolutely agree .
Impeccably clean , professional and very thoughtful .
Dr . Barsoum made my mouth so perfect , it feels like when I was 30 . My wife feels the , we are so grateful and wish him a very good future and health
Nothing but the best ! We have been coming to Barsoum Dental Clinic from the United States for 4 years . Drs Samesh Barsoum and Dr Lina Barsoum and their staff are extremely professional . The clinic is equipped with top of the line US and European technology . My daughter and I have both had implants and my husband had had several root canal treatments and crowns . My dentist in the United States has complimented the work done and been impressed with the high end material that was used . English is spoken and they have accommodated our hectic schedules good naturedly . By far the best dentist I have experienced . Thank you Drs Barsoum and your wonderful staff !
I want to express my heartfelt gratitude to Dr . Sameh Barsoum and the entire team at your clinic . After a scooter accident nearly three years ago , I began a challenging journey to restore my dental health . My first two implants were done at another clinic , and the experience was difficult , with intense pain that lasted for days . Naturally , I was anxious about facing similar discomfort when I came to Dr . Barsoum for my other implant operation . But to my great relief and happiness , everything went perfectly ! There was minimal swelling , no pain and nothing was visible on my face - such a difference from my previous experience . Only Dr . Sameh Barsoum was able to solve all my dental issues and make my smile look beautiful again . But it’s not just about the smile - it’s my health and my ability to simply eat without pain . I can’t fully express my happiness knowing that my dental journey is finally coming to an end . Thank you to Dr . Sameh Barsoum and the clinic for your dedication , care , and expertise .
Hard to put into words how incredible this dental clinic is . I have been coming here for the last few years ( flying from the United States ) and I wouldn’t trust any other dentists with my teeth . From the second you walk in the staff at the front desk make you feel like you’re at home . The clinic is setup with state of the art technology as well , and is much more advanced than most clinics you will find in the United States . Dr . Mark is an angel sent from heaven and has to be one of the most kind , honest , and professional people i’ve ever met . I don’t think I could trust anyone else with my mouth after getting dental work done with him . He’s also very patient and understanding when it comes to any concerns you may have . I’ve had a lot of issues with my teeth and at the age of 29 I can say they have never looked better . This place deserves all the business in the world . Thank you so much Barsoum Dental .
Brilliant , respectful , reliable , honest , professional . This clinic has saved the lives and wellbeing of many people in my circle . State of the art equipment and most humane treatment of patients i have experienced in Egypt .
Professional to high extent and caring ! My son had an accident and lost his front tooth and only Dr . Lina thought about finding it in his lip . She and Dr . Sameh have put his tooth back with so much professionalism that it doesn't look any different than other teeth . BIG thank you Dr . Lina and Dr . Sameh for all your great work ! In addition and generally speaking , my family and I are very old patients there , we highly appreciate their work and deep experience for 3 generations now .
Not good . Dr . Amin not good .
Excellent and prompt service , modern equipment , and very talented dentists . Highly recommend
best doctor in town words not enough to appreciate how you are
My dentists since childhood , never thought to try elsewhere . Professionalism , respect of appointments , hygiene and most of all trust .
Im from Sydney , Australia . I have done one Root Canal from here . It was really a nice experience . I would definitely recommend anyone with dental issues to visit this dental clinic . : smiling_face_with_sunglasses :
Very professional , clean , good prices . They speak English well . Keep up the great work !
Best experience in town , by far ! The whole clinic and team are professional , but Dr . Barsoum himself is awesome ! I had a complicated case that no one could solve . He managed it very professionally and smoothly . It’s THE place to go for a great experience in Egypt !
One of the few respectable dental clinics in town . That have changed the way I see dental clinics , by having professionals in each sub speciality as well as a detailed plan . I can claim that they are best in class in quality , diagnosis and resolving the teeth problems from its root cause . They always recommend what is best for the patient and I’m confident that they deserve every nickel you pay as you can forget about your tooth problems . I recommend them in all dental work as all their doctors are equally capable . Their respect and courtesy dealing with their patients is implacable .
I have been visiting Barsoum Dental clinic since I was only little . I can't trust any other dentists other than them . There is a valid reason for this; they never fail to provide an exceptional service every single time , they use top of the edge materials and dentists are very professional and are always friendly and welcoming . I live in the UK and I find it really hard wheni have to deal with dentists over there compared to the top quality service I get at BDC . I specially reccomend Dr Sameh and Dr Lina Barsoum .
The clinic is spotless . The reception area welcomes you with a selection of Matisse paitings , you wait while listening to beautiful music . The doctors are professional & extremely nice , explaining everything in detail . The entire staff is extremely organized & welcoming . Best experience at a dentist clinic ever .
بمنتهي الامانة مستوي عالي جدا جدا من الاحترافية و الاحترام والذوق والرقي في التعامل ، من اصغر موظف واداري لاكبر طبيب وتمريض ، مكنتش متخيل ان المكان بالرقي والاحترافية دي ، ، شكر خاص للاستاذ الدكتور ريمون مدير الرعاية والدكتور اسامة لطفي والدكتورة امنية وطقم تمريض المستشفي بالكامل وبالاخص طاقم تمريض الرعاية ومستر مينا
مستشفي نظيفه تعامل محترم من الامن للتمريض للدكاترة
Bad doctors and hospital . Rude and unskilled .
دكتور جميل و شاطر جدا و عياده نظيفه
للاسف العيادة مغلقه وقت الذي مكتوب فيها مفتوح : thumbs_down_light_skin_tone : : thumbs_down_light_skin_tone : : thumbs_down_light_skin_tone :
The Doctor was very kind and professional . He explained every step of the procedure clearly and took the time to go through all the aftercare and precautions . I felt comfortable and well taken care of throughout the whole visit .
Chose dr sharif dental clinic because of location near my apartment and reviews . Dr Khaled did a thorough job of looking at all teeth . And made repair to 2 teeth in the visit . Very good dentist and good work . Affordable price . Going back for more work this week .
دكتور شاطر ومحترم
عيادة ممتازه ودكتور شاطر جدا
روعه الدكتور خالد متمكن في التشخيص والتجميل والحشوات صراحه دكتور مميز ولديه خبرة طويله ومتقن شغله اشكرك من الاعماق حقيقة دكتور محترف والله علي ما اقول شهيد
Shokran ya Dr . Khaled Sharaf ! Sehr gute Beratung und Arbeit ! Falls nötig , würde ich gerne wiederkommen ; ) Auch empfehle ich gerne weiter !
دكتور محترف حقيقي ودقيق في عمله لايقبل الا النهايات الجميله من الناحيه الطبية والتجميليه ويشرك صاحب الحالة في تفاصيل الخطة العلاجية وافضل الحلول شكرا د/خالد واتمني لك دوام التوفيق : saudi_arabia :
دكتور خالد ممتاز شخصية ممتازة اداءه ممتاز : star - struck : انا سعيدة بنتيجة اسناني بشكل لا يوصف EMO_POS EMO_POS : folded_hands_light_skin_tone : : folded_hands_light_skin_tone : : folded_hands_light_skin_tone :
افضل دكتور يشتغل بذمه وامانه واتقان واخلاقه عاليه
ممتاز ويده خفيفه وشغله متقن اوصي به
دكتور محترف . . رائع . . . انصح به من كل قلبي ، افضل دكتور اسنان زرته بحياتي بكل امانه
Einmal frei Sehr gute artzt Ich empfehle euch Einfach zufrieden Vernünftig . . Hilfreich
دكتور خالد من امهر الدكاترة . . كانت تجربتنا جدا جميلة معه وقام بعمل حشوات تجميلية من افضل ما يمكن . . وكان تعاملة جدا رائع
السلام عليكم ورحمة الله تعالي وبركاته . . . اولا احي الدكتور الخلوق د . خالد والذي تشرفت بلقائه واجريت عدة جلسات علي يديه بخصوص حشوات الاسنان . . . وبعد الله سبحانه وتعالي فقد احسست بالفرق الكبير وتم علاجي والحمد لله . . . كطبيب تهمني الاجراءات التي تتعلق بالتعقيم ولقد لاحظت اهتمامه بهذا الجانب حماية للطبيب والمريض . لكل ذلك ارسلت ابنتي وزوجتي لزيارة د . خالد . . الشكر موصول للمساعدة والتي ظلت تبذل الجهد الكبير اثناء العلاج . والشكر ايضا لموظف الاستقبال ذلك الرجل المهذب الهادئ . . . جزاكم الله كل خير حفظكم الله ووفقكم لخدمة العباد عبدالله محمد الحاج استشاري النساء والتوليد السودان .
I contacted Dr . Bassam via WhatsApp and shared my blood test results , seeking a professional opinion before traveling to Egypt to begin treatment . Unfortunately , his response was unexpectedly rude and dismissive . He offered no clear diagnosis or explanation , and the communication lacked basic courtesy . At one point , he stated , "I am frustrated with your case , " which I found highly unprofessional and inappropriate , especially as I was only trying to get help . I sincerely hope future patients are met with more respect , empathy , and professionalism .
"After three unsuccessful IVF attempts with this doctor , my wife and I were deeply disappointed by both the results and the overall experience . While the doctor emphasizes religious values and compassionate care , we encountered a lack of empathy and professionalism during our journey . Despite repeated efforts , there was little meaningful support or concern for our emotional and financial investment . Unfortunately , our trust was eroded by the dismissive attitude and what felt like a prioritization of profit over patient care . Based on our experience , we cannot recommend his services to others seeking fertility treatment .
This dr bassam is so rude he treats people bad i talk to him wats up to know where his clinic is i was not expecting him to be so rude for just asking him questions but i thank god everyday after that not to spend my money on his clinic i have all the massage he sent to me as a prove
An excellent doctor
Succeeded ivf . . . wonderful journey . . . now i am mom of little princess
The best one in this country
Do not be fooled by his reviews . By far the worst Dr . I have ever been to . Every time my husband and I had a question we got very rude replies . Has no clue about how to properly inform his patients of the IVF process . All he sees is dollar signs . After getting a second opinion do I know that I actually have a cyst in my ovaries . Didn't even do the first step which is an ultrasound . If I could give him 0 stars I would . Do not let this Dr . ruin you're IVF experience .
Excellent doctor & wonderful team ! i was having fertility issues brought on by PCOS , Dr . Bassam was kind , knowledgable & made sure i understood everything . 3 months after my first appointment with him & after 2 months of fertility treatment later , i was pregnant ! Now i am the mother of a beautiful 5 month old baby boy . I HIGHLY recommend him to anyone who is struggling with getting pregnant !
Appeared to be impacted by psychological operations non verbally acknowledged by auto redirect to neuroresearch something or other . Nice staff kind helpful people inadequate diagnostics and multiple redirects that resulted in certain tests and evaluations not occuring . Appeared to be sone form of Goverment training or Operation involving swarm drones and neural weapons .
We recently visited an in - law in this hospital and I was appalled by their blatant money grabbing scheme just to allow visitors inside . The first gate is attended by men in gray suits , there’s a lot them so i think they take turns in guarding the gate then there’s another gate before going inside the hospital building , where another man collects money as well . Instead of prioritizing patient welfare and the emotional support that visitors provide , they seem more focused on profiting from every opportunity . And I noticed that the hospital needs more elevators or staircase access cos there’s only one elevator in the building we went .
اتمني من الله تعالي الشفاء العاجل لكل المرضي
اوسخ جهة تتعامل معاها موظفين بدون خبرة بدون ضمير لو جي سليم هتخرج بعدوي . . اهرب
ربنا الشافي المعافي
زفت EMO_NEG : face_with_symbols_on_mouth : : angry_face : EMO_NEG : face_with_symbols_on_mouth : : angry_face :
عشان مجاني معامله غير ادميه
زحمة جدا جدا جدا جدا
جدا عجبتني كثرو منها
The only good thing about this place is that it's free . Everything else has been an abomination of an experience .
هل المستشفي بتدي للمواليد الجدد الي مولودين في المستشفي لقاح فايروس الكبد الوبائي ولا لا عشان عايز اعرف ابني اخد التطعيم ولا لا لو بياخد اضغط علي مفيد لو مش بياخد اضغط علي غير مفيد لو ماتعرفش ونبي ماتدوسش حاجة
My 11 - day stay at Nile X was extremely stressful and disappointing . Before booking my flight , I had communicated through the Booking . com chat that I would arrive around 5 am and asked if early check - in would be possible . I received an “ok” response , so I planned my travel accordingly . However , when I arrived I was told early check - in was not possible and was asked to pay an additional 60 USD to access the room between 6 am and noon . When I showed screenshots of the conversation , the owner denied that early check - in had been confirmed . The location was also misleading . I had been told it would be very close to Zamalek X Hostel , but it turned out to be on a quiet and uncomfortable street , and the property itself is on the 19th floor , something that was never mentioned . The elevator felt unsafe and unstable . The “Nile view” room description was also inaccurate . The windows were not double - glazed , so the room was extremely noisy , and the actual Nile view was minimal . Several basic amenities advertised were missing or poor : Breakfast advertised as included , but in practice there was almost nothing provided . Kitchen was poorly equipped and unhygienic , lacking basic items like a proper frying pan , knife , or mugs . I ended up buying my own ingredients and making my own breakfast most days . Bathroom lacked essentials , including toilet paper . The bed was unstable , with loose wooden planks supporting the mattress . This was only partially fixed near the end of my stay . Staff frequently asked me to pay the extra fee in cash and knocked repeatedly on my door , which felt uncomfortable and intrusive . Overall , the stay involved misleading information , poor maintenance , lack of hygiene , and stressful interactions with management . Unfortunately , this experience made my time in Cairo far more difficult than it should have been .
前台穆罕默德服务非常好，期间通过协商多次换房，位置在费萨尔伊斯兰银行对面19楼，离吉萨和开罗都非常近，旁边就是岛，最重要的是干净，窗外景色也好
خدمه ممتازه جدا والمكان نظيف وجديد يفرق عن الاماكن اللي يحب يرتاح يجي عندهم الاستقبال ام علاء و محمد افضل ناس
الاستاذ محمد وام علاء ناس طيبين وغرف نظيفة
尼罗河风景好！交通便利，打车方便。酒店就在一个公寓楼19楼，而且很安全有门管。早餐好吃，有大饼和香香的煎蛋。工作人员都很友善，推荐。
The best hostel ever ! ! !
ام علي اطيب قلب وانسانه خدومه ومريحه احسن فندق من ناحية الامان والخدمه ونظيف جدا جدا ومو اواخر زيارة انشالله
Our stay at this hostel was extremely disappointing . The air conditioner/heater in our room was not working , and the room was very cold . We asked a staff member for a heater , but he said he could not find one . The next day , the host told us we should have contacted him by message at 3 : 00 a . m . and explained that the person we spoke to was only cleaning staff and could not help us . This was not a reasonable expectation . ||The accommodation had almost no privacy . It was actually an apartment converted into a hostel . The bathrooms were shared , but this was not mentioned at all in the property description . Only one room had a private bathroom , and even there , there was no warm water . ||One of the rooms was only about two meters away from the reception , and we had to tolerate the receptionist smoking at midnight . The cleanliness was also very poor , which has already been mentioned in other reviews , and unfortunately , our experience was exactly the same . ||Because of these issues , we booked another hotel and stayed here for less than one day . Overall , the hostel did not match its description , and I would not recommend it .
Not recommended . The pictures are misleading . This is not a real hostel but an apartment with individual rooms rented out on one floor . The so - called reception area is very strange and unprofessional . Overall , it did not match what was advertised .
Below are some strange experiences and poor conditions of this hostel : Since a unit of the apartment block is dedicated to this hostel , it was difficult to identify it . Our shuttle transfer had to ask some local people to find the hostel . The elevator was dangerous as it did not have an internal closing door . Because of this , you could see the concrete walls between floors , which were filled with plastic bottles in some areas . The strangest part for me was the closeness of the receptionist to the rooms , which was less than 3 meters away . There was a private bath in my room; however , the water was cold . My friends' rooms did not have private baths . Additionally , my bed was not comfortable . It seemed there was a plastic cover below the main cover .
Great location . Great views . Comfortable . Quiet . Friendly ! Would love to stay again when in town… thanks to all the lovely staff !
Awful experience , do not select there at all ! We changed it after one night and the owner does not give you back any money , but some fake fooling explanations . Our stay was extremely disappointing . The room was very cold due to a non - working AC/heater , and staff could not provide a heater . The host later said we should have messaged him at 3 : 00 a . m . , which is unreasonable . The place had almost no privacy and was actually an apartment converted into a hostel . Shared bathrooms were not mentioned in the listing , and even the room with a private bathroom had no warm water . One room was right next to reception , where the receptionist was smoking at midnight . Cleanliness was very poor , as noted in other reviews . We left in less than a day and booked another hotel . The hostel did not match its description , and I do not recommend it .
Very disappointing stay – not as described Our stay at this hostel was extremely disappointing . The air conditioner/heater in our room was not working , and the room was very cold . We asked a staff member for a heater , but he said he could not find one . The next day , the host told us we should have contacted him by message at 3 : 00 a . m . and explained that the person we spoke to was only cleaning staff and could not help us . This was not a reasonable expectation . The accommodation had almost no privacy . It was actually an apartment converted into a hostel . The bathrooms were shared , but this was not mentioned at all in the property description . Only one room had a private bathroom , and even there , there was no warm water . One of the rooms was only about two meters away from the reception , and we had to tolerate the receptionist smoking at midnight . The cleanliness was also very poor , which has already been mentioned in other reviews , and unfortunately , our experience was exactly the same . Because of these issues , we booked another hotel and stayed here for less than one day . Overall , the hostel did not match its description , and I would not recommend it .
호텔같지 않은 청결함을 가지고있습니다 . 조식은 다른곳에서 하는 조식들보다도 좋구요 . 저는 대만족입니다 . 다만 카이로 중심지라서 먼지와 소음이 있는데 이거는 어쩔수없다고 봅니다 .
Highly recommend nice people very welcoming and warm , the accommodation is clean , as female who’s been here i found the hostel female friendly and safe
نشرككم علي حسن الاستقبال والضيافة
all staffs are very kind and gentle . room is clean . delicious breakfast . everything good ! I strongly recommend to stay here !
mr . mo is vary kind and gentle .
احسن مكان مبيت فيك يا القاهره واشركر الاستاد شريف علي حسن تعامله معنا انصح بالتعامل معهم
‏شكرا للقائمين علي هذه الضيافة خدمة متميزة ومكان نظيف وموقع جميل شكرا لكم
Bravo Abdul Kader very nice boy and all the staff good . Hotel very simply e clean .
غرف جميلة جدا من نظافه وتعامل ام علا جدا رائع
残念なところ。 カード支払いで+2%で請求された。 入り口が非常にわかりづらい。 エレベーターは古くて怖い。 歯ブラシなどアメニティがほぼない。 良いところ。 とても清潔。 立地がいい。 午前10時についたのに無料でアーリーチェックインさせてくれた。
القرءان شغال دائما
The best gym in Imbaba and best coaches
اكثر مكان مريح ونظيف خصوصا القران
مكان كويس الناس بصراحة محترمة وكباتن جدعان اوي بصراحة وشكرا علي مجهودهم معنا
تمام احسن معمله واحسن كابتن عبد الله واحسن تجربه واالكباتن بيشجعوك انك تكمل والله انا تجربه
المكان مريح نفسيا ونظيف وافضل حاجه وجود القران باستمرار
جيم محترم محترم محترم محترم محترم ومتربي عشر مرات
جيم نضيف و اجهزه جديده و في اهتمام و اسعاره مناسبه جدا جدا و تحس ان الجيم بتاعك : heart_suit : : heart_suit :
الاجهزة جديدة ماشاء الله والمسئول عن الجيم شخص محترم بس المشكلة الوحيدة المكان صغير شوية
مكان كويس مدرب كويس جدا
بصراحة دكتوره تعاملها كويس لاكن عملت عندها تلبيسات لجميع اسناني لامن للاسف مانجحت معي احس بالم مزعج في ضروسي الداخليه اعطيها تقييم في العمل 50 % لاانصح
عملت سناني تحضيرا لكليت الشرطه انشاء الله ودكتوره ممتازه انصحكم بيها EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
الدكتوره نهي المدح فيها قليل الف شكر الله يسعده : heart_suit :
ما شاء الله تبارك الله دكتوره ممتازه جدا انا عملت تنظيف +تلميع خدمه جميله والسعر كويس جدا تستاهل 10 نجوم
دكتورة شاطرة وظريفة ربنا يحفظك ويبارك لك
سويت اسناني جميلة ولون مظبوط وابتسامة جميلة الله يسعدك دكتورتي ودائما زباينك يارب من اليمن الجميلة
دكتورة شاطرة ما شاء الله وتعطيك نصائح سويت عندها 8 تلبيسات و7 حشوات سعرها مناسب في فتره 4 ايام
La verdad es una médico perfecta es my buena servicio encantador le doy 10 gracias
lovely doctor
مشاءالله والله فعلا انقذت الدكتورة ضروسي شافت تسوسات في الضروس اكبر دكتور في مصر ماكان يتوقعها انا اصلا ما كنت مصدق اللي شفته الله يباركلك دكتورة نهي ويزيدك خبرة وعلم حتي التركيب ماشاء الله الزيركون طبيعي الشكل واللون تسلم ايدك
لاول مرة اعمل علاج جذور بدون بنج ودعامة وطربوش جلسة واحدة بدون بنج بدون الم .
مكان ممتاذ جدا والاكل جاامد اوي
Everything is perfect as well as staff are very friendly
المكان فوق الرائع
Perfect service EMO_POS EMO_POS
افضل كافيه ومطعم في التجمع . اجواء جميله جدا : ok_hand : : ok_hand : : ok_hand :
Dj and music and singers very nice
the place is perfect
Best cafe Perfect staff
The best place where we enjoy
مكان شيك جدا والماكولات والمشروبات ممتازه و الخدمه ممتازه جدا والاداره وجميع العاملين حاجه في منتهي الروعه
Misr Pharmacy – Third Settlement branch is quite old and really needs major improvement . Most of the time , many products are out of stock and not all medicines are available . The place feels outdated and lacks proper organization — it definitely needs renovation and better inventory management to match today’s pharmacy standards .
خدمه سريعه وممتازه
اسوء صيدلية عملت اوردر اون لاين تاخير لحد 3 ساعات ونص لحد دلوقتي وماجاش لسه وكلمتهم اكتر من مره يقولي هنستعجله وهنخلي الفرع يتواصل ولا اي حد بيتصل وفالاخر يقولي الاوردر بتاع شركة التامين بيكون من 3 ساعات ل 4 ع الرغم الموافقه بتاعت الشركة دي بتيجي بسرعه جدا يعني طفله عندها سخنيه وتعبانه جدا يتاخر كل ده لحد مايجيلي ودي مش اول مره دايما حتي لو اوردر كاش نفس الكلام اخر تعامل ان شاء الله ومانصحش حد بالتعامل معاهم تحديث بعد ساعه الا ربع اتصل تاني يقولي ف مشكله ف الفرع مافيش مندوب يوصل دلوقتي ف هيتاخر لسه اكتر فعلا حسبي الله ونعم الوكيل ف كل واحد مستهتر ومش مقدر ان ده علاج لطفلة
Good pharmacy
Careless & unprofessional
مركز للتسوق رائع
سوبرماركت رائع في بيفرلي هيلز
They always do mistakes in prices , and also once I bought chickens and it was rotten . . not recommend it at all
ممتاز يوجد اكل سخن ووجبات ومكان للجلوس داخل وخارج الماركت وناس محترمة
ضيق
لو جابو ال standing calf raises او donkey calf raise هيبقا چيم متكامل بكل امانة
جامد جدا وامان جدا كانك في بيتك مكان محترم وهاي كواليتي EMO_POS
، : rose :
مكان كويس
ماانصحش حد بها المريضة قضت فيها ٤ ساعات وموتوها واخدو ١٦٠
A good private clinic . I had an infection on my foot and they performed an abscess drainage surgery under local anesthesia and it went very well . It’s healing very nicely so far , so this clinic was good and I recommend it !
المركز الطبي الانجيلي بالقاهرة . . مركز جميل ومنظم ونظيف ومرتب جدا ، لكنه يحتاج للقليل من الاهتمام من القائمين علي امره بالصيانة والترتيب ومراجعة بعض التفاصيل بالمبني .
في تحسن مستمر وقمه الاحترام
Would you please update or comment your valid phone number
Great hospital : flexed_biceps : : flexed_biceps : EMO_POS EMO_POS
One of the best dental experiences we’ve ever had for our 2 - year - old . As parents , we were very anxious , but the doctor made us feel comfortable and handled our child with great care , patience , and professionalism . Truly appreciated .
Never think twice coming to Dental District , Dr . Mohamed is one of the best dentists in Cairo : folded_hands_medium - light_skin_tone : EMO_POS I highly recommend : star :
Very clean and professional clinic with excellent hygiene standards and modern equipment . Dr . Mohammed is highly skilled , calm , and professional , and makes you feel comfortable throughout the visit . Great experience overall & highly recommended .
It’s the most hygienic , professional and friendly dental . . simply the best out there .
Everything was extremely clean and hygienic from the moment I walked in . Doctor Mohammad is great , very professional and reassuring . I had a dental implant done and the whole process was smooth with perfect results . Highly recommended .
Very neat , everything is clean , the doctors and the staff are very professional . I’ve tried several procedures like having crowns done , teeth whitening and checkups , all perfect .
Very clean , with great quality materials , and best Doctor
Absolutely excellent customer service , friendly , English speaking dentist , very positive and easy experience . Highly recommended ! ! very clean , friendly , accommodating , fast service . I’m so happy I found them after moving here ! Thank you !
I flew from the U . S . to Egypt for dental treatment , and I couldn’t be happier with the results . The doctor’s thorough knowledge and meticulous approach gave me confidence in selecting them . His staff are equally excellent , always ready to offer guidance and assist with every step of the process . If you are reading this , then you have found a gem .
The dentists are exceptionally kind and approachable . They take the time to explain everything clearly and ensure that you feel completely comfortable throughout your visit . They also have an extraordinary pediatric dentist . The prices is good
Super comfy , clean , always welcoming , Dr karim Galal one of the best dentists in Egypt , highly recommended
Relaxing vibes , smiley faces , professional hands , Dr . Kareem is a very good listener and he explained everything in details . Definitely recommend
Great experience , happy with my smile
Very satisfied
I’ve been a loyal patient of Dr . Kareem for almost a year now , and he completely changed my view on dental visits . He helped me overcome my serious dental phobia , and now every appointment feels welcoming and stress - free . and even enjoyable ( never thought I’d say that about a dentist ! ) . This is by far the best dental clinic I’ve ever been to , and I don’t think five stars are even enough to rate it properly . Highly , highly recommend ! EMO_POS
Absolutely Outstanding Dental Care !
The best clinic for dental implants and crowns
مشاء الله عياده جميله اوي و دكتور شاطر و ممتاز اوي و المعامله
Amazing experience Dr Karim is very professional and kind , highly recommended to visit dental district clinic
الدكتور كويس جدا . . ايده خفيفة . . خلعت عنده ضرس العقل محستش خالص . . يسلمو جدا
P R O F E S S I O N A L I T Y : ok_hand :
Amazing clinic and Dr . Karim is a very knowledgeable and skilful doctor
Dr . Kareem made the experience seamless . He explained the details of the procedure and made sure I was well informed every step of the way . I highly recommend him & his staff and will be coming back for more dental services !
I came to dental district , I had abest dental experience ever and the clinic is very professional in terms of service Doctors was very patient and accommodating to the issues The clinic is very clean and comfortable EMO_POS EMO_POS
بجد بجد انتي رائعه من غير الچيل بتاعك مقدرش اعيش EMO_POS حقيقي كل حاجه في المكان حلوه اوي ودايما امشي مبسوطه من عندك بجد شكرا يا مارينا EMO_POS : rose : : heart_hands : : face_blowing_a_kiss : : smiling_face_with_hearts :
شغلهم بالشع حلو مره شعري صعب بسرعه ينفش ضبطه لي و الرموش جميله
I was flying into Cairo and looking for a same - day full nail set with gel polish appointment . I messaged multiple nail salons before getting on the plane and Marina was the only one who answered with a time and price . I landed and settled into my hotel room by 8pm and she was so accommodating even though the salon closed at 10pm . Once I sat in her chair , she was very professional and social in the same time . Marina knew exactly what I wanted , worked efficiently , was very fun and outgoing , and even invited me to hang out afterwards . Her work was clean , gorgeous , and high quality : 1500EGP for a new full set with gel polish with no charge for rush or overtime ! 1000000% recommend her; she will absolutely be my nail and lash tech the next time I come to Cairo .
اجمل شغل اظافر وتعمالهم عسل EMO_POS : bahrain :
Best place for Nails in town . They have Hard Gel , Acrylic extensions as well as the regular gel color & treatments . The service is great , friendly & customer oriented . Prices are very reasonable . Will attach the before & after photos . I went for gel color this time but I have been doing hard gel for years with them . Ask for Marina she’s the best . They’re also very good with eyebrows threading .
Really amazing everything is perfect the place the people are soo nice and friendly everything is amazing EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
Thanks maro bgd mn a7sn el nas Nails bt3tk to7fa EMO_POS : heart_suit : : heart_suit : : heart_suit : : heart_suit :
خدمة فوق الممتازة في كل حاجة عملت شعري واظافري وكانت احلي مرة اعمل فيها بصراحة انصح كل الناس بالصالون شكرا بيبو ومارينا
مره شغلها حلو ونظيف للاظافر وسعر مناسب
صالون جميل
مقابل الماريوت تخرجين من بوابة برج الزمالك علي طول تقريبا ثالث عمارة علي اليسار
جيد والطاقم مميز
مشاء الله مارينا شغلها تحفة علطول بعمل عندها الهارد چيل ولا اروع : kiss_mark : : rose : EMO_POS
المحل حلو المعاملة ممتازة العرض رائع الخامات حلوة و اسعارهم في المعقول
افضل شركات الملابس بالجمله للمحلات التجارية ولمكاتب الجمله والاقمشة
جميع الملابس بسعر الجمله
عدرو
جمله فقط
مكان عالمي
مكان يتميز ببيع ملابس الرجال و الشباب بالجملة فقط و عندهم منتجات جودتها رائعة
Very Good price and great quality EMO_POS EMO_POS
they are so helpful and their matetials are very good and deserving
ناس منتهي الذوق
مكان جيدا جدا في البيتزا
بيتزا الزعيم احسن بيتزا في مصر
البيتزا طعم ممتاز EMO_POS : clapping_hands :
بيتزا تشيكن بارب كيو راءعه جدا بسعر ممتاز
لطيف . . و العمال محترمين و سريعين
بسم الله ماشاء الله افضل واحسن بيتزا كلتها في : face_savoring_food : : face_savoring_food : EMO_POS حياتي
طعم وجوده وسعر في متناول الجميع
تجربه ممتاز ولاكل تحفه
المكان روعه
البيتزا روعه
تسلم ايدك ممتاز
معقول واسعار معقوله
بيعمل بيتزا تحفه و مش غالي
بيتزا البيف تحفه
جودة عالية جدا ماشاء الله
البيتزا تحفه بجد
بسم الله ماشاء : heart_suit :
البيتزا بالفراخ طعهما كويس جدا الحمدلله : blue_heart : ولكن المفروض يمنع شرب السجائر بداخل المحل : bouquet :
مكان جامد بجد الخدمه ممتازه و المكان كويس جدا
الشيشة والقعدة حلوة اوي اوي اوي
مشاريب ممتازة . . وقعدة لطيفة . . وخدمة متميزة . . مش شرط تعرف تعمل فيه كل حاجة حسب اللي بيختاروه يشغلوه عال DJ والشاشات . . احلي ايام لما يكون فيه ماتشات
المكان مقفل لاتضربو مشوار ع الفاضي
تم غلق الفرع
السلام عليكم الصالون فاتح ؟ ؟
Worthiest manicure and pedicure i have ever had
Excellent Hair stylist was nice and professional The facial treatment 5* Affordable prices
يوجد به افضل الصناعية
مناسب للطلبات البسيطة
معقول لوجوده وخده في المنطقه ولكن للحاجات الضروريه فقط
خبرة السنين
الخدمة رائعة و الاوردر بيجي بسرعة و مظبوط
جميل جدا وناس محترمين
Small supermarket attached to Grand Residence compound in New Cairo
Grocery store . Frozen . Cheese fridge . Crisps and kids sweets . Fair varieties ov pops drinks " of course no alcohol drinks available " ice cream an more . . . wot i found was really good they got corner ov things everyone need it sort ov glue "amer" plugs for electrics and more things . Good place to park in front ov it . Safe place an honest seller . 24 hurs and delivery available . 100 % recommended and beside it theres pharmacy with electronic payment available
I visited Professor Dr . Alaa , she was excellent and very friendly . She attended the clinic on her day off , very much appreciated .
خدمة محترمة
احسن مكان بجد معاملة اخر رقي ومش بيسيبوا حد نهائي واحسن خدمة وعلاج
Perfect : ok_hand :
لا يبدو عليعا مظهر العيادات وليس لها علاقة بالنشاط الطبي . . . غرف وممرات ضيقة
اريد رقم تواصل واتسب
المكان جيد لكن للاسف تشخيص خاطئ من دكتور العظام / محمد اكمل دياب كلفني اموال ووقت ومجهود
Excellent place and clean
ممتاز ودكاتره محترمين
Perfect place
بة نخبه من الاطباء . . . علم واخلاق
بجد تحفهه والمكان نضيف
جيد جدا EMO_POS EMO_POS
Very nice : hundred_points :
رائع انه ممتاز حقا
طعم ممتاز
ولا اديلو ولا نجمه انا طلبت اوردر عشان انا في المستشفي قالي ان المكان بعيد والفرق بين المكان اللي انا فيه والمكان اللي المطعم فيه 13دقيقه بالظبط ازي يعني يرفض هو فاتح عشان يختار الزبون ولا ايه مش فاهمه
اكله مناسب للجميع
ممتاز ومن افضل المطاعم
احلا بيتزا في الدنيا
تجربه جيده للغايه : heart_suit : والطيار تعامله ممتاز : heart_suit :
Comida deliciosa y buenísimo servicio .
اطعم بيتزا في عابدين EMO_POS
احسن بيتزا في مصر EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
احلي بيتزا فعلا
الاكل تحفه والخدمة ممتازة والمعامله ذوق جدا والاسعار مش غاليه خالص ربنا يبارك في رزقكم دايما
تجربة ممتعة
Very good , delicious grilled meat . The owner is very nice and honest . Excellent price/quality ratio .
الطعم و الخامات ممتازه . بصراحه ما اكلتش اكل حلو كده من فتره كبيره
The place is noisy , with the sound of motorcycles making the seating quite uncomfortable , but the food is excellent and the service is fairly good .
مطعم جميل . والاكل . فوق . الممتاز
ممتاذ
It was very good , we will come again !
اكثر من رائع
ممتاز جدا وهناك صناعية مشوياات اسمه زيكو ممتاز جدا جدا كل الشكر للعاملين ب المطعم ممتاز جدا
ما شاء الله طعم وامانة ونظافة
بوتيك جميل في الزمالك
الموقع جميل والبضاعة متجددة ، والناس اللي تشتغل فيه مرحبة ، الاسعار شوي غالية لكن البضاعة تستاهل : ok_hand :
The stuff is very rude .
بضاعته جميله . بس غالي شويه
السلام عليكم كيف اتوصل معاكم
Nice collection
ملابس واحذية نسائية
قطع مختلفه
جيد جدا ومختلف
الملابس جميلة ومرتبة
غالي جدا لا يستحق الزيارة
Very calm place and excellent service a nice place to work or have fun with your friends at .
I recently visited café Cacao and my experience was disappointing on multiple levels . I ordered a Spanish latte , but the waiter served it cold instead of hot . When I pointed out the mistake , he made a second attempt , but the result was an undrinkable Spanish latte . To add insult to injury , I was charged for both drinks , even though the mistake was entirely on their end . On top of that , the price for the Spanish latte was outrageously overpriced , especially considering the poor quality of the drink and the lack of basic customer service . This café clearly prioritizes profit over customer satisfaction , and I would not recommend it to anyone seeking good service or value for money .
Bad
Favorite place EMO_POS
Small cafe , Shisha and beverages are ok
انصح بة
مطعم رائع وجميل
جميل جدا تسلم الايادي علي المجهود الرائع في احضار الاكل والشرب كل من يريد شئ والخدمه غوق الامتياز والجودة العالية في كل الاصناف التي اتخذتها داخل المطعم . . . اشكرك علي هذا المجهود الرائع
لا باس به
Very good prices for very high quality foods Real meat and good clean cooking . Try it and you will see .
اكلة كويس اسعارة غالية
اسعارهم عاليه كثير
جميل جدا جدا جدا
الفول عتده تحفه والطعميه علي الرايق والبطاطس عاديه السلطه البلدي عنده جميله بس مفيش مكان للاكل هي دكه بلدي بس وعشان توصل هو في منطقة من التراث الشعبي يعني تنفع لمجموعة شباب وبنات معاهم لكن منصحش بنات تروح لوحدها ومتنساش تجرب القعده علي قهوة كنكن اللي علي ناصيه حارة العامري
It is za best in za west
الطعمية هايلة
احلي مطعم
من افضل المطاعم من حيث الطعم والنضافة وكل حاجة والساندوتش الطعمية عندهم من عالم تاني والباذنجان المخلل مميز بس للاسف قلوا الكمية في علبة الفول ب ١٠ لعلبة اصغر بدون سبب
مطعم ممتاذ
حاجتهم حلوة جدا في الطعم ونظيفة والتعامل جيد
احلي مطعم فول وطعمية في سراي القبة
ممتاز . . فلافل ولا اروع
Speaks perfect english and has knowledge about drugs . Excellent pharmacy for tourists , definitely . Thank you !
Rude People
خدمة ممتازة وسريعة
صيدلية عريقة ، لكن ارجوا ازالة الصور الفاضحة خارج المحل
ممكن اوقات العمل
الفراخ كلها زفره ومش مستوية كويس والشيف اللي واقف ع الشوايه معندوش فكره منصحش حد يجرب عشان نفسك متقفلش من الاكل كله
طعم الاكل فوق الممتاز
المطعم ده نضيف و محترم اوي اوي
مطعم محترم وفعلا الاكل جميل واللحمه والكفته بلدي وروعه تسلم ايدك والله وان شاء تكرر كتير
احلي وانضف اكل
احلي مطعم كباب وكفته في اكتوبر
اكله تحفه الصراحه الله ينور شغل عالي
اكل نضيف
Good taste & price
Balady Kofta & Hawawshy were very tasty and delivered faster than expected .
Basic taste of the grilled chicken . It costs 50 EGP ( 1/2 grilled chicken + 1 salad + 1 Tehena + 4 breads ) Tehena is bad . ( Juicy one ) The staff is friendly .
افطار كان تمام مع خالد وماقصر وكان من افضل مايمكن يعطي الف عافيه
식사가 형편없다 종류만 많지 먹을게 없다 룸 사워도 안좋다
Realmente es un 4 estrellas . Necesita remodelar las habitaciones y las zonas comunes . Buena ubicación . Tiene piscina , donde puedes cenar . El desayuno buffet es super completo . Las vistas no son buenas .
Hotel espectacular , buen servicio , buena comida .
I wish i find rooms more clean and quiet but it wasn’t !
A recepción y buffet de diez , las habitaciones bastante viejas , los aires no funcionan correctamente , las ventanas no insonorizan y una buena limpieza y renovación le vendría bien , está pasable
Отель в центре города , рядом с площалью Талааб , в 5 минутах ходьбы от площади Тахрир и Каирского Музея . _x000D_ Номера чистые , ухоженные , кровати нормальные . Окна не открыть - слишком шумно и сразу налетают комары . Дорогу очень хорошо слышно до часу ночи , только тогда успокаиваются , а египтяне сигналят в машинах постоянно , без всяких поводов . _x000D_ Много комаров проникает через вентиляцию , ночью будет пир ( у них ) .
we stayed in three rooms and the excellant view of the nile river is the beauty . Also the pleasing staff in the hotel .
After stayin in concorde el salam in cairo , i decided to shift to a hotel near nile for two nights for a change . . . ||but i think the choice of hotel was wrong , its an average hotel , average service , average cleanliness . . . . . etc etc
جامد جدا اسعار معقوله ناس محترمه جدا ربنا يوسعها عليكم يارب
معامله سيي
بصراحة ممتاز وجيد جدا
خدمة عملاء اسوا ما يكون . . بنتصل محدش بيرد . . الاكل جه حمضان ولما كلمناهم قالك هنبدله ولحد بعدها ب ٥ ساعات ولا اي حاجة حصلت . ونكلمهم ميردوش فللاسف المكان اصبح عبء علي الواحد انه يطلب منه حاجة
الاكل جيد جدا والاجواء مريحه
Good prices EMO_POS EMO_POS
A little bit slow but excellent taste .
الاكل كويس وسعره معقول
very expert doctors there and very good tools and equipment and a very very clean place . My personal doctor was Dr loay was with me step by step to the end .
I've been to a lot of doctors recently in many fields not just dental and I can say this place offers the most recent and most professional work . The doctors and assistants are very polite and respectful . I really appreciate the work and effort done by the doctors god bless them . I really recommend having your teeth done at this place .
I am very pleased with the visit to the clinic all the staff are highly qualified , doctors have experience and qualified to do most of dental operations efficiently , the place is so clean , excellent sterilization for all dental equipments and devices and dental unit : heart_suit : i am so happy with this experience in Diamond dental center . There is no place for pain in Diamond dental center : heart_suit :
حسب تجربتي الشخصيه انصح الجميع بالتعامل مع عيادة دياموند وتحديدا فريق العمل الطبي وعلي راسهم الدكتور محمد طلعت فقد كانوا علي اعلي مستوي من المهنيه والاحتراف في العمل تحقيقا لاعلي مستويات النظافه ودقة العمل والمواعيد رغم تقدم وتعقيد حالتي المرضيه الا ان النتائج كانت مبهره بفضل الله سبحانه وتعالي ثم مجهودات فريق العمل الطبي ذو الامكانيات الفنيه العالميه والخلق الرفيع
one of the best doctors , he listens to your concerns carefully and meets your expectations of the treatment .
I was very pleased by my visit to DDC , starting from the receptionist and the nurses who were very welcoming and cheerful , the place was clean and tidy . The Dr who examined and treated me was very professional , experienced , and he took his time in diagnosing and explaining the procedure carefully in very simple terms . I didn't feel any discomfort or pain throughout the visit at all . . . in fact it was relaxing and reasonably short ( around 30min ) . The pricing was okay compared to nowadays dental care fees . I recommended DDC to one of my relatives , and they were very pleased as well . Thank you for the great service !
خدمه ممتازه و سريعه والاطباء علي اعلي مستوي
السلام عليكم ارغب بمراسلتكم علي الواتس اب ان امكن قبل زيارتي للعيادة
Very very professional and knowledgeable team . I am impressed with their high quality services , dental equipment and methods they using . I am comparing to Canada where I came from . Unbelievable amazing ! Imaan at the front desk is amazing , I love the way she explain and finish the transaction with discretion , she can help you to find schedule and calls to remind the appointments . Dr . Mahmoud is just awesome , very professional and humble . He make sure to know everything you experiencing before he start , his hands are blessed because you won't feel anything . The 2 assistant are so helpful , all dental equipments for use are wrapped and sealed . All of them speaks English . All this at very low price compare to anywhere else . WONDERFUL EXPERIENCE AND AMAZING TEAM : clapping_hands : . May Allah bless you .
عيادة محترمة جدا والدكاترة محترفين بجد والشغل كويس جدا جدا من احسن العيادات الي دخلتها
Doctors reply on phone all the time they are available all the time . They are very polite . I have gone with a severe tooth ache and I never felt pain after that . I am now making ortho with another doctor in the same clinic he is very professional Thank you EMO_POS : clapping_hands :
perfect clinic with an experienced doctor .
Professional and perfect clinic
صيدلية 15137 , ولي العهد بحدائق القبة
it is the name of the street
مكان جيد
جيدين في كل شئ
مغلق
extremely unprofessional service , disrespectful to client’s time , trust & health condition . . worst functioning medicine service ever with Dr . Marez Andrawes & her team . DONT let them fool you with their fake smiles & acting nice . . they rarely respond and when they respond it’s mainly because one keeps calling or texting to follow up on their work . During My first physiotherapy session I had a teared muscle due to the trainer disqualification . I would never recommend this clinic to anyone , they will Push you to keep going to the Physio training even if u have a physiotherapist at home . . with the excuse that it is a holistic approach…they are not honest nor clear in their communication , let alone that Dr . Marez doesn’t communicate with clients directly when needed… Shame On you . . you wasted my time , money & energy .
The clinic has a cozy atmosphere and provides great doctors , but the management and reception need improvement . They rarely answer the phone , making it difficult to schedule appointments or get assistance . Better responsiveness is crucial for a smoother patient experience .
If I could’ve given this place zero stars I would’ve . This place is so unhygienic and unsafe . I’ve been getting laser here for over a year . The lady who does laser has changed in that time . The current woman is highly unprofessional and extremely lazy . She doesn’t map out the body like any professional would with lines she just does any garbage and waste your money . She also doesn’t have the basic education and hygiene awareness to wear gloves when touching your body . Like an idiot this woman was not paying attention and my labia during a Brazilian and said nothing . She shouldn’t be doing this job . She’s highly unqualified and will lead to injury . Also , the laser itself is extremely old and has not had any maintenance on it . It’s falling apart and looks disgusting . I’ve had 12 sessions and I’ve stopped having any improvements . They’re using burnt out laser and charging full price . Avoid this place they don’t do business ethically or hygienically .
Best care
very good experience best nutritionist in town !
Avoid this place
My appointment was at 2 : 00 , waited 3 hours . Staff are terrible , robot like and do not keep turns
Perfect place with Diverse high quality Medical , Nutrition , and Cosmetic Services .
اشكر د حنان ضمير واتقان في العمل
very bad
Very bad services , I advise to avoid this clinic
The team are so friendly
Good experience . Professional staff and expert doctor
Super lékárna .
Excellent delivery service
ملابس راقية باثمنة مناسبة
اختارات كتير من ملابس السيدات
د . بيشوي شاطر ماشاء الله والعيادة نضيفة وبيهتموا بالتعقيم
Very professional and smart doctor . I had to get a root canal and crown done and everything was done exceptionally , better than what is done by dentists in America . The doctor also took extra time out of his schedule to accommodate me and my family . Excellent work done for our family , the office was very clean , and the staff are super friendly ! Highly recommended .
من احسن الشخصيات نظافه وا انضباط في الوقت : ok_hand_medium_skin_tone : : ok_hand_medium_skin_tone : : ok_hand_medium_skin_tone : : white_heart : : saluting_face :
بجد احسن دكتور في مصر
دكتور بيشوي شاطر جدا جدا في شغله بيهتم جدا بالنظافة واسعار كويسة جدا
من احسن دكاترة الاسنان في مصر اهتمام بالنظافة وموقع ممتاز واسعار كويسة جدا مواعيدة مظبوطة جدا : thumbs_up_medium - light_skin_tone : : thumbs_up_medium - light_skin_tone : : ok_hand :
جميلة
متخصصين بكفاءات الاطباء تعالي الادوية متاحة
جيدة تعاون ممتاز
مكان نظيف تعامل راقي من دكتورة اميرة الله يبارك فيها ومن الاستقبال
للاسف الموظفة المسئولة عن الاستقبال والحجز مدام/ هبة ، اسلوبها وحش جدا مع المرضي وبتقفلك من المكان ده غير انها كل شوية علي التليفون ومش مهتمة بالناس
Excellent collection of consultants
مفيش اي احترافية ف التعامل
برنامج سئ جدا
ممتاز جدا جدا
بشع انا كاتبه العنوان صح المندوب يكلمني يقولي عنوان تاني وحاجه ف منتهي قله الادب
سيء
لايغطي منطقتي السكنية الفسطاط منذ سنوات وبالنسبة لي هذا فشل
I ordered and that was my first order on my account from elmenus but no one helped me and customer service block my account
جميل جدا و رائع
بحدد موقعي ومش عايز يفتح المطاعم
شكرا علي حل المشكله
مفيش اي حرفية من خدمة العملاء وبيقبلو المال الحرام
ممتازة وكان عندي مشكلة وكلموني
تطبيق فاشل لا يقبل التسجيل ولا الدخول
سئ جدا المطعم طلب ديبوزت وطلبت المطعم يتواصل معايا عشان نكسب وقت وللاسف خدمه عملاء الابلكيشن ضيعت نص ساعه وفي الاخر عاوزني هستني ساعه كاني لسه طالب الاوردر ولما موافقتش لغو الاوردر
خدمة عملاء ممتازة
كثير مطاعم مش موجودة في التطبيق او لا تعمل ، بيهتموش ابدا بتعديلات علي الطلب
خدمة ممتازة واسعار وعروض افضل من اي مكان تاني واقل خدمة توصيل ممكن تشوفها ارخص من المطعم نفسة
كان عندي ٥٠ جنيه علي المحفظة فتحت لقيتها راحت
جامد واسعاره حلوه وكفايه انه مش مقاطعه
رسوم توصيل كتير
اسوء ابلكيشن مفيش مره اطلب اوردر وف اهتمام ولا يوصل مشفتش اسوء من كده
تجربه غير مرضيه
سئ جدا . . تاخير في الاوردر اكتر من ساعتين . . و لما كلمت الدعم لقيت متسحل عندهم اوردر تاني خالص و اتلغي الاوردر . . اخر مرة اتعامل معاهم
مش بيوصل للاغلب المناطق
تجربه طيبه جميله بس . بقي قليل جدا اكواد الخصم زي زمان للاسف
لا يوجد اوبشنز كثيرة مثل طلبات
البرنامج حلو جدا
كان عندي مشكلة وتم التواصل معايا وحلها بكل دقه وذوق من موظفة خدمة العملاء
برنامج مش حلو وكمان اونطه
يحتاج تحديث لقائمة المطاعم
ناس مظبوطة
ازبل تطبيق لا خدمة العملاء ولا احترام للعميل بجد تطبيق مكانه سلة الزبالة
غير مدعوم في منطقتي
الاسوا بين السيئين
ابلكيشن ممتاز وخدمه عملاء في منتهي المصداقيه : smiling_face_with_hearts :
ابلكيشن فاشل
التطبيق لا يعمل
زبالة لو في صفر كنت اديتة
اسوء برنامج واسوء اكل بيجي منه ومش بيردو ولا بيبدلو الاكل
ادارة الابلكيشن لا يستجيبوا للمشاكل ولا يلزمهم العميل اسوء تعامل
تحربة سيئة والطيرين غير امنه
اسواء ابلكشن
حقيقي تجربه ممتازه
مفيش خصومات
يفشل دائما في تحديد الموقع
ابلكيشن سخيف الاختيارات مش واضحه
كويس جدا
ممتاز جدا جدا جدا
تطبيق سيئ جدا وبيتاخرو جدا في التوصيل
لايوجد اي خدمة العملاء
ذشضشذسششذضششضشءشذذشذضذشذشذ~
ممتاز جدا جدا جدا ومحترمين
اختيار المطاعم سيئ
مفيش خدمه توصيل داخل العبور خالص
اسوء معامله واسوء تجربه
لغيت اورور في ساعتها متاخرتش دقيقة واحدة و مرضيش يلغي الاوردر و بعدها حاولت اتواصل مع خدمة العملاء لاقيت ان ملهمش رقم و بعت رسالة علي الابلكيشن ماستفتدتش حاجة يعني ايه مايبقاش في الغاء للاوردر في ساعتها مش فاهمة
الخدمات سيئه جدا وفقدت المصدقيه في الاسعار وخدمة العملاء بتاعت الابلكشين سيئه و ناس زباله ومفيش خبره ولازم يتقفل الابلكشين
المفضل لدي
للاسف سئ جدا عندما اسوي الاوردر يقول ناسف غير متاح في منطقتك
ممتاز بجد احسن من طلبات
رادي جدا
عاوز اشتغل دليفري
تطبيق نصاب حراميه خصمو مبلغ من حساب الفيزا بدون وجه حق انصح الجميع بعدم اضافة كارت الفيزا علي التطبيق ده وعدم استخدام التطبيق والله حراميه
سرعة التوصيل سيء جدا
التطبيق سي لا يعمل لاانصح تحميل البرنامج
ابلكيشن عقيم والاوردر يجي غلط ومفيش خدمة عملاء
برنامج رخم جدا ومبيسعدش الناس توصل للي هيا عوزة بسرعه
برنامج سئ جدا عند تحديد الموقع لا يتم تحديد الموقع
تطبيق سئ جدا
عند طلب الاوردر او اضافتة اوردر الي السلة يخرج تلقائيا من التطبيق نعيد الكرة من اول وجديد ويخرج مرة اخري ولا يمكن ان يتم استخدام التطييق ابدا
بشع بجد سيء جدا جدا
ولا مره الطلب وصل في الوقت المحدد
لقينا صرصار في الاكل من مطعم حضرموت فيصل وبعد التحدث مع شخص اسمه يوسف في خدمة العملاء في ابليكشن المنيوز وارسال الصور . . رد ببرود معلش ! ! !
جميل جدا جدا
اغلب المناطق مش موجوده فيه
تطبيق رائع بس بو امكن يوصل للقري البعيدة
البرنامج رافض يشتغل نزلته اكتر من مرة ومافيش فايده حتي ايميل الشكاوي مش قابل
ابلكيشن سئ جدا جدا جدا جدا وعقيم ولا انصح به
اسعار المطاعم في التطبيق اغلي بكتير جدا عن الاسعار في المطاعم نفسها او حتي في تطبيق مشابه
تجربه زي الزفت و ابليكيشنز مقرف و الدليفري مقرفين بجد و بطئ جداا حاجه قرف
سئ ونصابين
التطبيق غير واضح ومتلخبط جدا غير جيد
محترم
رديء جدا جدا انا مبعرفش اتواصل مع حد من المطعم و حتي مش عاوفه اللغيه بجد سيء و همسحه
من اقذر التجارب ومن اقذر خدمه العملاء ولا انصح بتجربته تحديث كدابين واسوا خدمه عملاء
اسوء ابلكيشن اتعاملت معاه
الدعم عندهم سي جدا جدا
لية مش بتنزلو برومو كود خصم بس يكون من مطاعم مختلفة مش مطعم محدد يعني اختار المطعم الي انا عوزة
تطبيق جميل في عروض كتيره
عندهم طيار قليل الادب و مش محترم بيتاخر جدا علي معاد التوصيل و بيتصل يشتم العميل لو العميل اتضايق م التاخير اسمه مروان و عيل صغير كده
برنامج زي الزفت و خدمة عملا زفت مفيش اي اهتمام بالعميل
التطبيق سهل الاستخدام ولكن المطاعم المشتركة غير جيدة وعند الشكوي من مطعم لايتم التعامل بجدية مع هذه الشكوي كما تفعل تطبيقات اخري يجب تحديث خدمة العملاء لتكون اكثر فاعلية
زباله
Late order by 1 hour
راقم 1 : face_blowing_a_kiss : : face_blowing_a_kiss :
برنامج حلو جدا
الابليكشن مدمر خالص ومحتاج ابديت لكل حاجة . . . ابقي لسه مكنثل الاوردر واعمل اوردر جديد من نفس المطعم يقولي المطعم ده مش بيقبل اون لاين . . ومطاعم بتبقي جنب بيتي اجي اعمل اوردر منها يقولي المطعم ده مش بيوصل لمنطقتك . . . . . لازم ابديت للابليكشن من الالف للياء
زي الزفت وسرقة مقصودة وسوء تعامل وتاخير الاورد وقلة مطاعم ياريت محدش يتعامل معاهم
ممتازين اتعملت معاهم كتير جدا توصيل بالظبط ومحترمين وخدمه العملاء لو فيه حاجه بتتصل بيك علي طول مجرد مايلقو مشكله انا لسه طالبه انهارده ممتاز علي طول بطلب منهم
عندي متجر حلويات ومحتاج اضيفه
ابليكيشن فاشل حقيقي المطعم نفسه قالي نزليه وهيوصل لحضرتك وهما يقولوا مفيش توصيل لمنطقتك حاجه زفت يعني
شركة غير محترمه ولا تحترم العميل و بتطلب اننا نحترم قوانينها وهما ما بيحترموش حد
خدمة توصيل بتوصل بمزجها يعني اية مافيش توصيل لفيصل والهرم دة تخلف
الاسعار جدا مبالغ فيها
احلي تطبيق وفريق الخدمه جميل جدا جدا : white_heart : انا جايه من طرف منعش : face_with_tears_of_joy : : white_heart :
امسحوا مطعم ماكدونالدز اللي بيتضامنوا مع الاحتلال المجرم
لم يحذف المطاعم التي تدعم الكيان الصيوني
٨٧
ابلكيشن سئ جدا عند حدوث مشكله فنيه او مشكله في التوصيل . . . الخ لا يوجد حل
الا ول كان جميل دلوقتي وحش جدا تتطلب الاوردر وبعد ما يتقبل وتقعد تستناه بالساعة والاتنين وفي الاخر المطعم يرفضوا ومبررات اصل في حاجة ناقصة كل مرة نفس المطعم فيه حاجة ناقصة وحتي لو غيرت المطعم يقولك برضو في حاجة ناقصة شوف مطعم هو انا بشحت دة اية الاسلوب الغير محترم وراقي دة المفروض انه تطبيق محترم ومطاعم محترمة دة المفروض انا عن نفسي فعلا مش هطلب من عندكم تاني ابدا اسوء تجربة
مفيش مصدقية وحرمية لحد دلوقتي الفلوس مرجعتشي ونا عامل محضر في القسم اقسم بالله العظيم هخليكم تندمو علي انتو عملتو دة
الابلكيشن كان كويس بس مش عارفه ليه مبقاش يفتح
الدعم الفني عملي بلوك اكثر من مرة علي اكثر من اكونت عشان بقول رايي بدون غلط و اسلوبهم زفت حسبي الله ونعم الوكيل
جماده
مشاء الله
تطبيق مفيد جدا للرحلات
تطبيق ممتاز بس لو تنزلو خصومات للمستخدمين باستمرار
تطبيق معقد ياليت يتم تبسيطه ليتمكن اي شخص باستعماله
حقيقة تجربه رائعه ومحترمه من التطبيق مواعيد مضبوطه واسعار مناسبه ، شكرا لكم سؤال هل التخفيض علي الاسعار 50% يشمل 5 مشاوير فقط ام التخفيض مستمر ، مع التقدير
فاشل
غالي ريالين كل دقيقه كثير !
التطبيق جيد . . . لكن لما يكون في رصيد بالمحفظة فجاة يتسجل عليك مشوار انت مارحته ويسحبوا منك الفلوس
في البداية عند طلب الطعام كان هناك خصومات وعروض تحفز التعامل ومع مرور الوقت اختفت للاسف ولذلك ارجو البقاء علي راحة العملاء كما عهدناكم وعندم التراجع ومن اجل ذلك لم اضع خمسة نجوم ، ارضاء العميل وثقته بكم تمنحكم خمسة نجوم والقرار لكم . للاسف سرعة في التراجع في الخدمات مع اعلانات خصم وتوصيل جميعها وهمية تراجع مستمر للاسف التراجع هدية كريم في عيد الفطر للاسف وكول سنتر لا يجيب ٣/٤/٢٠٢٤ اشد الندم مرة اخري لاستخدامي التطبيق للاسف . تم خصم اشتراك 3 دنانير وللاسف بيتزا القيصر غير موجود
بجنن
التطبيق ممتاز ولاكن السواق متحرشين ارجو ان توضفون الناس المحترمين او الذين يمتلكون ٥ نجوم فقط
الاسعار غاليه بالتطبيق
هو البرنامج كريم واوبر رخيص في السعر ولا غالي ارجو الرد
سي جدا مره مو حلوه ويتاخرر لين يجي ! ! : face_with_rolling_eyes : EMO_NEG
انا بحب ت كريم
الحمد لله
اكثر من نصف ساعة لايجاد سائق وبعدها يلغي .
تطبيق فاشل للغاية لانصح به
اسوء حاجة
ممتاز جدا جدا جدا جدا
عدم اهتمام التطبيق بل عملاء وتقديم مصلحه الكابتن علي العميل
رائع جدا لكن يجب تمديد فترة الخصومات اكثر من المعتاد
كل ما اطلب يقولي كريم لايغطي المنطقه مصري الجديده مدينه نصر عباسيه كل مكان كريم لا يغطي هذه المنطقه
البرنمج لا يعمل
التطبيق ركاب موقف عنا ممكن اعرف شو الاسباب ؟
عشق
متنطون السائق حقه في الدفع الالكتروني و التطبيق بي مشاكل و شكد يشتكون و متتصلح : thumbs_down_light_skin_tone :
تطبيق معقد ولا يعمل زفت
لا يعجبني
زبالة
ماشاء الله تبارك الرحمن الرحيم
مو شغال في المفرق
غالي و اسعار مبالغه
التطبيق يقوم باخذ الاموال من البطاقه البنكيه مع ان المحفظه فيها اموال التطبيق يتحكم في البطاقه البنكيه ويتصرف كيف يشاء الحذر من التطبيق
تجربة ممتاز
اسوا تطبيق
التطبيق سي للغايه
سي جدا
جميل جداء
جديد
ممتاز جدا يتساهل التقييم
غالي نفس سعر الاجرة
التحديث الاخير سئ جدا مااعرف اشلون نطلب تكسي
رخيص وجميل
للاسف تطبيق كنت افكر انا تامن له في المال اشتركت كريم بلص لمده ٦ اشهر ومحفظتي في مبلغ لكن للاسف تفاجئت اليوم تم حظر حسابي علي اي اساس راح الاشتراك وقيمته والمحفظه التي فيها حساب لي للاسف اخذوهم يمكن زكاه مال باي حق تحضرني وتاخذ اشتراك انا دافعه ومحفظه فيها نقود وليش تحضر الحساب سياسه فاشله للاسف شو ما كان السبب لايحق لك حظر حسابي انت المفروض تطبيق لخدمتنا وندفع مقابل ذلك اذهب الي تطبيق طلبات مستحيل يحضر الحساب لان حظر الحساب انت تخسر تعامل الزبائن للاسف شكوتي عندك بالمسنجر مع رقم الهاتف
قبل التحديث افضل
ممتمزه
كنت طالع من الدوام ابي توصيل ، القاهم يبوني اوافق علي شروط الاستخدام الي طولها اكثر من ٢٠٠ سطر ، قررت احمل اوبر ، والحمد لله ما كان فيه الزام بالموافقة زي كريم ، لا توافقوا علي الشروط بدون قراءتها لانها اغلبها يحطون فبها كفريات ، حتي مرة في تكبيق بنكي كان من الشروط اني اؤمن انه يجوز لهم ويحق لهم اخذ مالي بغير حق .
تطبيق راقي واسعارهم مناسبه انصح الناس اتنزله
افشل تطبيق حسبي الله عليكم بعني عندي شغل ولازم اطلع من وكت 3 سواق انتظرهم ويلغون الرحله وكله وكت عليه ومن وراهم تصير طلعتي بالازدحام
خدمة عملاء سيئة جدا
قبل التحديث الاخير كان التطبيق اسهل للاستخدام
الاسعار اصبح مبالغ بيها رحلة ما تاخذ وقت 5 دقايق ياخد اجرة 4 الالف اضافة ان يتاخر كلش لحد ما يحصل كابتن
هل استخدام التطبيق مجاني بالنسبة للركاب وهل استطيع استخدامه في مكة المكرمة ؟
يمنع من دخول البرنامج
اسعار مرتفعة
الحب الحب
رافض الدخول بيقولي حسابك في مشكله ابعتلنا ولنا بلعت محدش بيرد
Unfortunately , I was charged for a Careem Plus subscription without my permission or request for the service . This practice undermines customer trust . I demand immediate cancellation of the subscription and a full refund . A very bad experience .
كريم للدراجات نصب واحتيال
اواجه مشكله بالتطبيق لاستطيع ان اطلب مشوار لان علي سداد مبلغ لو تخلوه زي تطبيق المبلغ السداد يوضع بالمحفظه وبسدد الطلب في المره القادمه حتي سداد مشوار السابق مو موجود بخدمة ، كريم
تطبيق معفن
سافرت الي السعودية و رجعت الي الاردن و حاولت التسجيل عدة مرات في التطبيق و لم يفتح وصلني ايميل بانه تم حظر حسابي و انا عميل و لم الغي اي رحلة من وقت ان انضميت الي كريم ، ممكن اعرف سبب الحظر
فاشل جاي حذف
الكباتن اصبحوا قليلين جدا
تجربه حلوة وكل الكابتن محترم والله يرزق هم من حيث لا يعلمون تطبيق حلو وسريع وراقي جدا
مره صعدت ويه واحد من السواق اباوع جوه الكه قواطي ما مشروب او نبيذ و العياذ بالله
برنامج فشل
مره ممتع
بعد التحديث الاخير اصبح سيئ للغايه
careem is charging me twice for the same booking this is completely unfair
بالاردن الاداره فاشله جدا ولا انصح فيها من وقت الدمج . . . لو اقدر اعطيهم ربع نجمه ما اقصر
غالي اسعار جدا مبالغة
their driver picked me up and dropped me off and im so sure it was him cus I checked his plate when her arrived and I don't know why the trip was canceled later ! and I have to pay the fee ! ! the customer support just ignored my request to review the case !
استخدم التطبيق منذ اسبوعين في بغداد التطبيق جيد جدا من ناحيه السياره تعامل الكابتن والاسعار شكرا لكم
تجربه ممتازه شكرا للقائمين علي هذا التطبيق
لم يتم الالتزام بشروط الطلب . . . و اكتفوا بكلمة اعتذر . . .
يسرق زبون
جميله جدا
تطبيق سئ جدا وبيتاخر
ما هذا السوء اطلب رحلة طيب تاخروا علي قبول الطلب الغي الرحلة ارجع اطلب جديد يرفع السعر اي نصب هذا
مش مستجيب ورافض يظهر زي الاول
تطبيق رائع وفريق عمل رائع . احب هذا التطبيق واستخدمته في اكثر من دولة
لا يوجد تخفيضات ولا عروض قبل
تجربة جدا جميله ورائعة واتمني لكم كل التوفيق والتطور
اشي فخم
التطبيق مش شغال من الصبح وبعدين مش لاقيه علي الجهاز ايه السبب حد يرد عليا
التطبيق لا يعمل ؟
ممتاز وامن
شكرا علي جهودكم
تم التحديث بتاريخ 5 فبراير 2026 ومن وقتها التطبيق لا يفتح تعديل : قمت بحذف التطبيق واعادة تنزليه ففتح
عطلو حسابي والمبلغ الموجود بالمحفظة ما رجعوه .
نعم انه جيد انصح به شكرا
كادارة رائعين ويعطوك حقك اذا اخطاء عليك كابتن اما الكباتن بعضهم وجوده خطاء في اوبر يخرب سمعة الشركة علما ان اوبر تقدم خدمة جميلة بالذات للسائخ
تاخير في ايجاد كابتن EMO_NEG EMO_NEG EMO_NEG EMO_NEG
التطبيق لا يعمل ما السبب
سئ جدا التطبيق معلق
تجربة جيده
زفت بعد التحديث صار بطي بطي بطي
شركة ما بتستاهل واحد يطلبها بترا رايد وجيني افضل وارخص منها بكثيير
شركة محترمة
هل فعلا سوف يتم نقل كل الزبائن علي تطبيق اوبر بدل من تطبيق كريم ؟
في التحديث الاخير لم يحتفظ بالرحلات السابقة وكل يوم يجب علي ان اكتب الموقع من جديد
رائع ومميز
راقي ومناسب وافضله علي كل تطبيق يفاجئنا باسعاره وخدماته اعطيه 5نجوم
تجربتي مره حلوه عجبني بس خفف السعر علينا الله يسعدك شكرا شكرا
يكتب لي انه لايوصل لهذه المنطقة رغم مناطق قريبة شو هل فشل
للاسف اوسخ تجربة لن تتكرر تطبيق قذر ونصابين وبيعتمدو علي شوية سائقين لصوص يفتح قبل ما يوصلك ومايوصلش اصلا تقريبا بيروح رحلة علي تطبيق تاني انا ركبت رحلة في داخل مدينتي ٣ك متر دفعني ٢٥٢ وقالي التطبيق جايب حساب قديم عليك مش عارف ازاي احاول اتصل بخدمة مفيش عندهم خدمة عملاء نهائي غير رسايل وان كان عجبك او اخبط دماغك في الحيط
محتاجه حد يرد عليا من سنه لا حول ولاقوة الا بالله
تطبيق ممتاز جدا
رووعه
ليش التطببق مابيفتح وليعطيني في مشاكل
لقد كانت تجربه سيئه جدا لان التطبيق يعطي الحق للسائق بان يلغي الرحله ومع ذلك يستقطع المبلغ من الراكب في اي قانون تطبق العدالة فقط علي الراكب اين وجه الحق بهذا الموضوع
تطبيق فاشل
ممتاز : grinning_face_with_big_eyes :
يعني شو تاخدو عموله عشان بدي ادفع كاش يعني مش فاهمه الفكره من عقلكم انتو شو هالنصب هذا
لقد اشترك في خدمة مشاوير المدرسة ، وقد تم خصم المبلغ مني ، ولكن لم يتم جدولة الخدمة ، ولا اذا بغيت اطلب الخدمة لازم ادفع مره اخري ، مع العلم اني دفعت مبلغ ٢٠ رحله ، ما يقارب ١٥٠٠ درهم .
Bad app and late delivery; if I could give it less than one star , I would .
تطبيق فاشل وسائقي تاكسي ساقوم بالغائه والغاء حسابي فيه
بقي زياده في الاسعار فوق الطبيعي
Very poor customer service , with no intention to help .
تجربه مميزه
يجب توفير خدمة الكاش اذا مافيه فلوس في البطاقة
تجربه ممتازه وسائق محترم
سياره نظيفه شخص محترم جدا
مريحه جدا
كانت تجربة جيدة شكرا اوبر كونوا متميزين دائما
رساله التاكيد مش بتظر حا ولت عدة مرات ولم توصل
كويسه
ممتازه ولله الحمد السائقين حسن التعامل وخلق
شخص محترم جدا
ما انصح فيو اسعار مبالغ فيها و المواقع غلط
متتاز
شكرا اوبر
شكرا جزيلا
ممتار
ممتاز ورائع جدا وايصال سريع جدا
حلو حلو حلو
برنامج جيد جدا
احسن ناس والله العظيم
تجربه رائعة
سريع في الاستجابه
ممتاز جيد جدا وشكر جزيلا
انسان محترم
كابتن محترم وزوق جدا
سائق محترم
ممتازو
افضل تجربة ممكنة : heart_suit : : heart_suit :
تطبيق ممتاز وسهل الاستخدام
من اجمل الركوبات النهاردة
وااو
رحلة ممتعة والكابتن راءع ومؤدب
لاكنه غالي
برنامج سئ جدا انا مسحتة لان الكابتن عاوز ينزلني بمزاجة او الغي الرحلة وياخد 25 جنية غرامة شغل نصب
فخم التطبيق
مش كلو حلو شغال
التعريفة لكل كيلو متر حاليا غير منصفة للكابتن يجب تعديلها دوريا حسب سعر لتر الوقود
الاسعار غير مناسبه
اجمل شركه توصيل اتعاملت معاها في حياتي شكرا للسيده القائمين علي شركه او
جميل وممتاز
مريحه
سائق محطرم ومهزب
ممتاز وارشحه للاصدقاء
خدمه جيدا جدا
تطبيق سئ يعرض سعر ثم تتفاجئ بسعر اخر
شكرا ليكم ناس محترمة
ممتاذه
احسن تطبيق بس الرجاء تحسين اسلوب الساقين
بصراحه والله العظيم افضل تطبيق متوفرين سواقين محترمين
ممتاز ه
بياخدوا اكتر من اللي بيطلبوه
التطبيق غالي
تطبيق ممتاز
تمام سهل الاستخدام
سرعه ممتازه
سيء للغاية
التجربه جميله وسهله
احسن تطبيق
خدمة مريحة وامنة
كانت تجربة مميزة
راجل محترم
كان سعر ولما وصلت سعر تاني
احسن طبييق اوبر
افضل تطبيق
حلوه جدا
سائق ماهر وكتير مهذب
برنامج سيء
زفت سرق بعض الموظفين سيئين جدا يحملك خرامة
برنامج رائع
ممتازه . الف شكر
لماذا لم يوجد موتسكل في مدينة الاقصر ارجو تفعيل خدمة المتوسكل
ممتاز جدا عيوبة يتاخر السائق وغالي لكن عموما فكرته حلوه
تطبيق جشع وفاشل
ممتاز وسريع جدا واسعار في متناول الجميع
طريقه امنه وسريعه وموفره
اكثر من الرائع شكرا انصح الجميع بتحميل التطبيق سهل الاستخدام وسريع
الحمد لله تمام
فيه مشكلة في تحديد المواقع بالضبط ، فمثلا نقوم بالبحث عن مكان معين ونكتب المكان ، فيقوم البرنامج يضعك في مكان ليس له علاقة بالمكان المطلوب ، ثم يكون الوضع محرج مع السائق ، تخبره انا لم اقصد هنا ، حيث المكان المطلوب مكتوب في البحث لكن لما اقوم بالتاكيد يرميك في مكان اخر ، ولكن ليس بشكل دائم .
ممتاز و شكرا لكم
ممتاز وسريع
رهيب جدا جدا
ليه الرحله جايه بخصم ودفعت من غير خصم
عملي وسريع
حلوه
جميل جدا جدا جدا جدا جدا جدا جدا
جيدا جدا
ممتز
مندازه
رائعة جدا
تطبيق رائع جدا
تجربة رائعة
محترم الكابتن وذوق
التجربه سيئه بسبب غلطه سائق مش عارفه اطلب اي رحله
تطبيق جميل وسريع
جميل واسعار حلوه
كابتن محترم
يمكنني التنقل بسهولة
محترم وخدمة ممتازة
بيتخر
واقل من نجمه . . بكل مره اخلي الدفع بالبطاقه يحجزون مبالغ علي ولاهي اول مره . تطبيق فاشل ونصب واحتيال عيني عينك . . مشوار ب ١٩ تحجز علي مبلغ ٤٠ ريال وتسحبه من حسابي ليه ياحراميه ؟
شكرا علي حسن تعاونكم معنا
تمام كابتن محترم جدا
خدمه حلوه جدا
حرامي ياخذ اكبر نسبه ويعطي السايق اقل مبلغ
كابتن محترم وممتاز
جيد ومريح
عروض جميله EMO_POS
خدمه ممتاز جدا جدا جدا جدا
راجل محترم وامين
اسوء منتجات واسوء خدمة عملاء ومش بتحل مشاكل ولا حد بيحل مشكله بيحاول يفرض المنتج عليك بالعافيه دا شغل نصب وسرقه اسوء ابلكيشن هو نون I had a very bad experience with the Noon application . The products quality is poor and the customer service is even worse . When problems happen , no one takes responsibility or tries to solve the issue properly . Instead of helping the customer , they try to force the product on you and close the complaint without a real solution . This kind of behavior feels very
جميل جدا اعجبني وسريع التوصيل
لماذا ليه لا يتم تثبيت شي ان في جوالي يقول قير متاح في هاتفك
تعامل سهل وجميل
برنامج كلمة تحفة بجد قليلة عليه
احب نون : pink_heart : : pink_heart : : pink_heart :
ممتاز التعامل معاهم
تطبيق مستفز لا تقدر تستخدم الرصيد ولا تغير الا يميل ولا تحذف الحساب والتواصل علي مزاجهم جاري رفع شكوي للجهة المختصة
تطبيق حلو
تطبيق رائع
موفقين
جميل وسهل
متجر اكثر من رائع
: smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : يجنن تطبيق
احلي تطبيق لل توصيل
اول مره اجرب اطلب من نون
انصحكم بالشراء من متجر نون منتجات اصلية
عايز اسال علي الساعه
سهل ومباشر
الموقع تقيل جدا
زي الفل ماشاء الله تبارك الله
توصيلها سريع : star - struck : : star - struck : : star - struck : : star - struck : : star - struck : : star - struck :
مم
تسوق سهل وسريع وجوده عاليه
شكرا لخدمتكم
تجربة التسوق كانت ممتازة سعر وسرعة توصيل ومتج اصلي
ياجمعه والله حلو عندهم طرق كثير لي دفع اذ تبين دفع كاش في وبطاقه او تماره وعندهم خصمت توصل الي 70في ميه او 50والله تطبيق يهبلل : tulip : : tulip :
الارجاع في نون حاجه مش كويسه وتعاملهم في الارجاع مش حلو الصراحه نجمه وحده كبيرة عليهم
خدمة سريعه
جيد جدا لكن الاسعار مرتفعه قليلا
اريد يصير تحديث في نون ثم مسبقة تحدي ربح رصيد نون
افضل تطبيق في العالم
سيء جدا لماذا لا توجد الدفع في مركز استلام نون
منتجات ممتازة وتعامل ممتاز
افضل طبيق . .
سريع وسهل استخدامه
رائع و بيجي بسرعه
تجربه جميله جدا
شكرا نون
رايع
تطبيق فيه كل جديد واقل اسعار
ماشاءالله حاجتكم كله ممتازة
لم يعطيني الهدية الترحبية
موقع جميل مره
مختصر ومفيد
وصول سريع للطلبات
جود
تجربه سئي جدا جدا جدا شركه كدابه مفيش اي مصدقيه
تطبيق جميل جدا وعملي
شكرا جزيلا لحضرتك
نون دوما الافضل
انتبهو من المنتس وصلو لي اكل منتهي تاريخ الصلاحيه و كلمتهم و ما سوو اي اجراء نهائيا ولا حتي اعتذرو ومو اول مرة تصير بس وصلو لمرحله مايهتمون حتي لو قدمتو شكوي حمدلله في خيارات بديله
روعة قمة متعة التسوق بكل مصداقية وامانة وضمان وراحة بال
مايحتاج كلام
شکر الله
ممتاز جدن
الخدمة زبالة طلبت منه لعب جت مكسوره ومش هيا الي كنت منقيها و في الاخر عايزيني ارجعها و اخد الفلوس بدل ما يبدلوهم ب الي طلبتهم وحسبي الله ونعم الوكيل
التطبيق سئ جدا كان معايا قسيمة استخدمتها و ظهر عندي انها شغالة راجعت الطلب لقيت القسيمة مش شغالة كلمت الدعم مردش غير لما الاوردر وصل و تعامل المندوب كان قمة في السوء و قلة الادب انصحكم لا تشتروا من هذا التطبيق
كان جيلي قسيمة شراء 350 طلبت ازازة زيت المندوب سرق الشحنه وكلمتهم كذا مره ومحدش حل المشكله
احسن احسن احسن برنامج مصداقيه تحفه
مميز و سهل جدا تطلب من عليه
ممتاز ورهيب جدا جدا
احسن تطبيق في العالم
الموقع جيد لكن يزعجني ان اكون مجبر علي تلقي رسائل ترويجية علي الايميل
سهل جدا ممتاز
بننب
مره حلو والله
اتمني الاهتمام بي كيوتيوبر ومن اهم المتسوقين لديكم بشكل افضل
الدفع من تابي افضل من تمارا
تطبيق ممتاز وعندهم مصداقيه والتزام بالمواعيد انصح الكل بتحميله
ممتاز جدا شكر نون
سهولة ، تنوع منتجات ، سرعة تامين
منظم وامان
منتاز
متجر نون فعلا رائع بس ليش مايوصلون لليمن
افضل تطبيق شفته في حياتي EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
جميل جدا وامن
ممتاز جدا يستاهل دعم
رائع : star - struck :
عميل ننون من قديم
افضل متجر نون
جني منتج مش شغل
مفيش عندو دفع عند استلام
امان وثقه ماشاء الله
تسوقت اليوم جهاز شاحن جوال مع سلك و كذلك مهلبية والسعر مقبول . . يقولن التوصيل خلال ساعة بقيمة ١١ ريال بنتظر واشوف صح كلامهم او لا . نعم لقد وصل الطلب بنفس المده المذكوره . اشكركم شكرا جزيلا .
من افضل برامج التسوق
ممتاز ولا احلي من نون
. كيف طريقة تكبير الخط . نرجو توفير امكانية تكبير الخط من اعدادات الحساب للعميل لان الخط صغير جدا
مره حلو
سئ لابعد الحدود
خير
تطبيق تحفه
يرجي التنبيه علي المندوب بالاتصال قبل الحضور بساعة واحدة علي الاقل للتنبيه والاستعداد لاستلام الشحنة
التقسيط عليه فوائد ولا بدون
برنامج ممتاز
عروضه حلوة
اذا تبون تشترون جولات من نون ماانصحكم خصوصا اجهزة السامسونج لانهم مايصلحوه حتي لو كان العطل فني ويقولون منك اهم الشيي مايخسرون و جدا سيئين في المعاملة في موضوع ضمان الاجهزه الاكترونيه جبت جوال وكان خربان حسبي الله فيكم بس
جميله اوي في التعامل وسريعه اونلاين ايو عايز مقابل سريع
معامله ممتازه وتوصيل مريح جدا جدا جدا جدا
افضل شركه توصل
ممتاز وسهل
نون افضل تطبيق عروض
تطبيق سي جدا خصوص مندوب توصيل شركه امازون افضل من نون الف مره
مجنون !
شركة محترمه جدا
شكرا لكم تجربه ممتازه
افضل ططبيق EMO_POS
خدمة ن ممتازة
، ، : smiling_face_with_hearts :
التطبيقات متحر
الشركة دي محترمه
تجربتي كانت سيئة تم سحب المبلغ والغاء الطلب ولم يتم الرد علي حتي الان اتمني حل المشكلة وارجاع المبلغ . سارفع شكوي لوزارة التجارة اذا لم يتم التجاوب
سهولة الوصول
تطبيق محترم جدا وسهل
خديجةبدونموسيقي
احلي تطبيق
جيدون
جزاكم الله خيرا
ارجو سرعة التوصيل
حبيبي و الله
احببتهم و احببت عروضهم و طريقتهم لكنني لن استطيع اعطائهم الخمس نجوم الا عند استلام المنتج و رؤية الجوده و التغليف و هل المنتج اصلي ام تقليد
لازم زي ما بطلب بسهوله الغي بسهولة
التطبيق والخطوات وخدمة العملاء جيد جدا
ها رد بعد شهر رمضان عشان حرام
اشتريت شنطه طلعت مقشرة ومطوصه اللون الذهبي رايح منها
اسعار تحفه
ممتاز لحين الانتهاء
شركه فاشله
اتمنه جد غاليه وتطبيق غير واضح تبقا 10 ساعات تدور وعندما تجد تجد سعر جد جد غالي
شركه ممتازه
V V V NICE GOOD EMO_POS : ok_hand : : clapping_hands : : smiling_face_with_sunglasses : : heart_suit : : sparkles :
حلوة اوي
تطبيق سئ جدا ومعندهمش نظام ولا فاهمين اي حاجه ف اي حاجه
, خدمة عملاء ممتازه
تجربة حلوة حاجاتهم جميلة
ان في اقل من نجمه كنت بعت
حرامية قسائم شراء
برنامج جميل جدا جدا وعندهم مصدقه
انا عايز اشحن طلب لازم احط طلب كمان عشان يبق دفع عند الاستلام يعني لو اقل من ١٠٠ بتجبرني اني احط طلب كمان ودي حاجة مش حلوة وسياسة مش حلوة
جميل ومريح
تطبيق سيئ جدا لايوجد شيئ داخل التطييق كل المنتجات غبر متوفرة ماهذا الغباء يا جوميا لم اتوقعكم هكذا
موقع ممتاز
مميزين ومحترمين
تطبيق رائع جدا انصح الجميع به فيه كل المتطلبات والسلع الاستهلاكية
ازاي يعني مفيش توصيل لمعظم المحافظات
سعر ممتاز : white_heart :
موقع نصاب بيبعت قسايم هدايا وهميه وخدمة العملاء بتكذب
بصراحه برنامج سئ جدا والله
مندوب التوصيل اصبح سئ جدا والتواصل ضعيف جدا
الدقة والسرعة في التعامل
ابلكيشن حرفيا ملوش لازمه غير حرقه دم وتجار نصابين بيحطوا صور حاجه غير الحاجه واسترداد الفلوس بقولهم علي حساب البنك وفتحت الفيزه فين ز يقولك بريد قسما بالله اسوا شركه تتعاملو معاها رغم اني كنت بتعامل معاهم زمان بس حرفيا دلوقتي اهبط شركه واسوء شركه اول واخر مره ويعوض عليا في الفلوس
ليس رائع
To be honest , your services are outstanding and excellent .
تجربة سيئة ولن تكرر
غير جيد و خدمه عملاء سيئه و عدم توصيل الي الساحل
احيانا المنتجات بتحضر كانها مستعمله
تطبيق ممتاز واسعار مناسبه لجميع الفئات : dizzy :
غير متوفر في الغردقة
اقبح حاجة عندهم مافيش توصيل لل قري . مافيش توصيل غير للمدن . اتقفلت منه و حذفته
اسواء ابلكيشن واسواء خدمه عملاء لا انصح بالتعامل معاهم
جوميا احسن من امازون ف التعامل
excellent reviews and signs
ثقة و مصداقية
معقد جدا في تسجيل الدخول
تطبيق خبيث حقير ، يعرض اشعارات ثابتة شريط الاشعارات ولا يمكن ازالتها .
تطبيق اقل من اقول عليه متواضع اقل تطبيق علي الانترنت في مصر بعد ما عملت الطلب وكونفرم علي المبلغ واستني ميعاد الاستلام واخد اليوم اجازه يجي يقول اسف جدا يا افندم انت اصلا مطلبتش ادخل اعمل الاوردر تاني مع ان طالب اللودر من خدمه العملاء اجي بكل هدوء امسك نفسي ومتعصبش عليها واجي اعمل الاوردر يكون زياده ٣٠ جنيه شركه زباله ومفيش اي مصداقيه الافضل بعدو عنه في بدائل كتير في نون او امازون و كنز وغيره من التطبيقات المحترمه وشكرا .
ع فكره انا طالبه الاوردر مرتين وميوصلش حاجه مش كويسه
برنامج سيء جدا من حيث المنتجات والاسعار مبالغ فيها عن الطبيعي والعروض كلها فيك
اسوء موقع الكتروني . . ولايوجد مصدقية . . لا انصح بتحميلة ولا الشراء منة لضياع حقوق المستهلك
كويس بس مش عارفه اشتري من عليه حاجه
ممتاز اسعار خياليه وخدمة رائعه
هو بصراحه تطبيق روعه وجميل جدا ومش مقاطعه بس بصراحه وتطبيق سريعه جميل احسن من امازون بكتير هو احسن واحد وروعه ويستاهل اكثر من ٥ نجوم وسريع التشغيل وبصراحه انا بنصح اي حد يحمله وما يحملش تطبيقات تانيه غيره عشان هو الوحيد اللي هو احسن واحد في الفئه كلها ويستاهل اكثر من كده بكثير هو اروع تطبيق
احلا جوميا
يوجد دفع عند الاستلام و جيدا جدا EMO_POS
اسوء متجر سلع غير اصليه وصعوبه التواصل مع خدمه العملاء وشروط استرجاع صعبه
تطبيق جد رائع
جيد و راع جريبوه
احلي موقع
فاشل وبيهنج ده غير انهم حرامية ومنتجاتهم بايظة
كان تسجيل الدخول صعب بس عندهم خدمة عمله حلو اوي
مش بيرجعو منتجات خالص ولا بيدو ضمان صدد العيوب خالص ولا بيبدلهوا بيقو نصبين خالي بالكم من الموضوع ده امازون افضل منهم في المرتجعات والضمان
Why is there no delivery to Sharm El Sheikh? What's the problem? Please reply
جوميا عالم رائع في مجال التسوق
تحت التجربة
تحت التجربه
رائع جدا اجمل متجر علي الاطلاق : star : : star : : star : : star : : star : : star : : star :
رائعه جدا وملتزمين
احسن تطبيق مشتريات في مصر
معامله سهله ومريحه
ابضن ماركت ممكن تشتري منه ف حياتك حرفيا الاوردر ممكن يفضل اسبوع عشان يجيلك بعكس امازون ونون الاوردر بيجي خلال يوم او يومين المفروض ان انا طالب اوردر من اسبوع كان هيوصل من يومين لحد دلواقتي موصلش اخر مرة تعامل ان شاء الله
كويس : grinning_face :
تجربه سيئه
مع الاسف بقيتوا من سئ لاسوء الباكدجينج تبع المنتجات بقي سئ جدا جدا التوصيل بقي بيتاخر لخمس ايام واكتر مندوبين شحن سيئين لا اخلاق ولا احترام للعملاء الا من رحم ربي طبعا ودول بقوا قليلين جدا لو في اقل من النجمه كنت اعطيتكم والله
رائع EMO_POS
طلبت سماعة جاتلي وحشة جدا جدا العيب ان فيها خدوش و في فردة صوتها واطي كدا محدش يشتري من جوميا في امازون حلو ومضمون
تطبيق ممتاز انصح به كل الاصدقاء
جوميا اصبحت سيئة جدا ولديها سيستم غريب في توصيل الطلبات تجعل مندوب الشحن يتلاعب بالطلبات . في جوميا ممكن مندوب الشحن يلغي الاوردر من عندة ويذكر السبب انك طلبت الغاء الاوردر من غير ما حتي حد يكلمك وبعد فترة تفاجئ ان الاودر ملغي ومضطر تنتظر ١٤ يوم عشان الفلوس ترجعلك تاني لو كنت دافعت فيزا . . وبكدا بتكون تحت رحمت مندوب الشحن ممكن يلغي الاوردر لو مكانك بعيد او يتعامل معاك بوقاحة ومضطر تستحمله عشان ميلغيش الاوردر
المعامله سلسه وبلا تعقيد ولا اكاذيب
سئ جدا
حلو . . . . .
والله رغم انه لم يصل لكني متحمسة ثمنه مناسب ويعامل زباناء باحترام اقدر كل تعبهم احب هذا تطبيق جدا
اسوء تطبيق واسوء تجربة
الا توجد اللغة العربية
شركه نصابه
شركة مضمونه ولكن لازم تركز مع مناديب التسليم لانهم بيقبلوا لو في غلط في فلوس الدفع ده بالنسبه للمندوب عن تجربه اكثر من مره
اسوء و ازبل تجربه و الحاجه جت بايظه و مش شغاله و مش راضين يرجعوها نصابين و حراميه
اسؤ تجربه شراء في الحياه ونون وامازون برقبته
مافي ضمان بعد البيع مثل امازن
لم يناسبني
كان لغيت الطلب ويوم ثاني جاء
برنامج روعه
رائع جدا وخصومات كبيرة
ايش مشكله برنامج ادخل من الحساب مصر يرفض ولما ادخل دوله تانيه زي المغرب بيدخلني علي الحساب
منتجاتهم بايظة ومش كويسة منصحش حد بالتعامل معاهم
معفن وانصح الجميع انهم مينزلهوش دا برنامج سخيف : face_with_symbols_on_mouth :
ممثازة
نصابين و بينصبوا علي اليليجرام محدش يديهم بينات
شركة نصابه و معندهمش مصداقيه
شركة نصابه و مفيش مصداقيه ويتطلب بسعر و بتستلم بسعر مختلف و مفيش معاينه عند الاستلام
برنامج جميل
اسواء برنامج
برنامج جميل جدا
مندوب توصيل سئ عملت فيه اربع شكاوي ومصممين يبعتوه كل مرة بلطجة وقلة ذوق
تطبيق باخص
رائع جدا جدا جدا جدا ومفيد
اسعار ومش حلوه
انه رائع جدا و انا اعتمد عليه في اي تسوق و معاملتهم مؤدبه جدا و انا لا اري اي عيوب في هذا التطبيق : growing_heart :
تجربه اخيرة
اسوا خدمة عملاء بعد كيتا
I am trying to create a new account but I receive an “Unusual Activity” error . Please help me verify my account .
من انضف الحاجه واحسن التعامل
لا استطيع الدفع باي وسيلة ؟ !
اسعره رخيصه
اول و اخر تجربة لي في امازون ، احتجت ٧ ايام عشان اعرف ان شحنتي حاتوصل بعد شهر او شهر ونص مع اني اتصلت عليهم بعد يومين من الطلب وقالي بتوصلك بعد يومين ، و بعد الغيت الطلبية لي ٧ ايام مارجعو الفلوس للحين
نايس
ممتاز جدا رائع جدا انصح بتجربته
مش حلو وكل الاوردرات جت فيها غلطات و فلوسي راحت عليا ومش عارفه اخدها مطلعين العيب في البنك
خيالية
التطبيق مش راضي ينزل علي الموبايل بيقولي لا يتوافق
هذا التطبيق رائع جدا انصح الجميع استخدامه
تمام : ok_hand :
تطبيق سئ جدا واسعاره مزيفه ولا يقبل الدفع الكاش
الدفع عند الاستلام مغلق وحاولت بكل الطرق فتحه ولا نتيجة
جميل وسلس
ممتاز وخدمة سريعة EMO_POS
تطبيق سي جدا لا انصح فيه خدمة العملاء سي جدا
لماذا لا توجد الدفع في مركز استلام
تحفي
لا يمكن الاستغناء عنه
اكيد الاسعار ممتازه : hundred_points : : hundred_points : : hundred_points : : hundred_points : : hundred_points : : hundred_points : : hundred_points :
ليس جيد بمصر خلي بالكم و كمان جمارك لو هاتشتري ابرة صغيرة بجنيه هتدفع ١٠٠ج دا للعلم من مصر ارخص و كمان هتشوف المنتج بعينك او من اي مكان او اي برنامج اخر متاح بمصر احسنلك
برنامج ممتاز اقسم بالله EMO_POS EMO_POS
برنامجك مفيد اطلب منه مل ما اريد
اسوء خدمة عملاء علي الاطلاق
اسوء شركة اونلاين في مصر . . الاوردات غالية الثمن مش بتوصل ويرسلوا مكانها طوبة او اي شئ ليس له قيمة
تحت التجربة بالنسبة لي
ازبل منصه في الاونلاين خصوصا في السعوديه ومصر
تطبيق رائع وتوصيل سريع وجوده حلوه وفيه كل شي تتمنيه : rose : شكرا امازون علي التوصيل المدهش بسرعته ! !
من احسن التطبيقات الي تعاملت معها
نعمل حاجه حلوه هذا المطلوب ا فضل شي في التلفون انا اشكارك
التطبيقات EMO_POS
٧هنت . ؟
نصابين
وحش بمجرد ما رجعت منتج تالف منع الدفع عند الاستلام وبيجبرني ادفع فيزا
مقاطعه
شركه رديئه جدا تحت كلمه شعبي سواقين الدليفري قلالات الادب مناديب بتشتم وبتبلش ومعايا الاسكرينات
تمام قرر ،
افضل برنامج تسواق في العالم
تطبيق جيد وخدمه عملاء ممتاز
غاي لظ
جدا جدا جميله تجربتي مع امازون
تجربة جيدة
رئع جدا
ممتاز ولكن قبل ما تطلب اي شيء تاكد من البائع
I want to file a complaint about a product I purchased . I bought a pair of football boots . The boots come as two separate pieces : one for the right foot and one for the left foot . They only sent me one piece , the right foot . Of course , I can't use the boots with just one piece .
تحربه سيئ جدا مفيش تواصل الاوردر قبل ميوصل بيتلغي ومتعرفش السبب ومش عارف تتواصل معاهم
سيئ جدا ومعامله زباله
سيئ و غير صادق و غشاش
امازون من اسوء تطبيقات التسوق مقدم طلب استرجاع من يوم 11 فبراير وللان ما وصلني منهم اي ايجابيه ودخلت فثاني شهر وتابي بتطالبني بدفع الدفعه الثانيه ومش دافع علي حاجه مش عايزها والجوال زي ما هوا في الكرتونه الخاصه بيه لا انصح علي الاطلاق التعامل مع امازون تجربه اسوء من السيئ وحسبي الله ونعم الوكيل
لايوجد عروض
من اسوء التطبيقات نون احسن منه ب كتير
تجربه را٦
اريد حذفه
قفلوا الحساب بتاعي من غير اي سبب وتم رفض الشراء بالفيزا
افضل برنامج للتسوق
اجمل التسوق معاكم
جيد بصراحه .
جيد للشراء خدمة متوسطة ، ،
تطبيق سيئ جدا . . . طلبت ناي و وصلني بدلا من الناي عصايا خشبية في كيس . . . خدمة العملاء سيئة جدا وطريقتهم سيئة ودايما اذا طلبت منتج يوصل لك منتج اخر . . . اسوا تطبيق اجربه بحياتي
تطبيق سئ جدا وتطبيق نون افضل منه
مثالي
برنامج سيء جدا يلغي الطلبيات من نفسه
ابلكيشن وحش بجد والحاجه مش بتوصل في معادها
ونتل
المنتجات بتوصل مسروقة الموظف بياخد منها قبل ما يوصلها
اسعار اغلي والجودة نفس الي في السوق اذا ما عندك برايم راح تتمرمط
عن جد جميل جدا
جيدة جدا جدا جدا
احسن برنامج امازون للتسوق العام الجديد 2026الجديدةالسعيدةالممتعةالمميزةالجيدة
خدمه عملاء سئ جدا جدا
اسوء تطبيق صادفته
اخس تطبيق اشوفه من كثر ما شفت له اعلان
رائعه جدا
امازون من احل المتاجر ومش مجمله خالص متصدقوش اي حد يقول مش حلو وانا عن تجربه بجد كل حاجه بتيجي سليمه وانا بطلب اي حاجه فيها زجاج مش بخاف لان الحاجه بتيجي سليه
متتاز والله طلبت ساعه خلال يومين فقط شفتها عندي قدام البيت ويعجبني انهم عندما يتواصلون معك
افضل التطبيقات للتسوق علي الاطلاق وبلا منازع . سرعة في الاداء والاستجابة والتنفيذ . جودة وخدمة التغليف . وسرعة الشحن ممتازة . خدمة توصيل قمة الادب والذوق . خدمة عملاء اكثر من رائعة قمة الاحترام . شكرا جزيلا امازون الرائدة وخدمة العملاء وجميع العاملين . فلكم مني جميعا شكري وتحياتي .
افضل تطبيق في العالم حلو جيدا في مميزات كتير EMO_POS
زي الزفت بحاول بكارت الدفع اونلاين مش بيقبل معايا EMO_NEG EMO_NEG EMO_NEG
تجربه سيئه جدا المنتج ال بطلبوا مش ال بيجي وعمليه الارجاع مبتحصلش اساسا حتا بعد الشكاوي
very nice EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS : slightly_smiling_face : I love you : growing_heart : : growing_heart : : growing_heart : : growing_heart :
تمتاز
العراق ليس موجوده نحن نريد السعر العراقي نريد الدينار
الافضل
السلام عليكم
تطبيق سيء تم شرا منتج وطلع في خطه وقمت برجع ولم ترجع الموال شغل نصب والله العظيم
ممتاز للغاية هائل ورائع
جميل وسريع جدا في التوصيل
مفيد جدا جدا
انه جيد واسعاره رخيصة EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
Good good good good EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
الحساب لا نقدر اعمله انصحكم لا تنزلون
الاسعار اغلي من السوق ولا يدعم اللغه العربيه في اسبانيا
كانت تجربتي معهم مستقرة الي ان طلبت حامل معدني ثلاثي القوائم بطول 2 . 3 متر لافاجئ بانهم شحنوا المشبك وليس الحامل وكلمت خدمة العملاء ونصحوني باعادة الشراء لان الاستبدال سيتاخر حتي يصل المندوب لاستلامه وهذه عادتهم للاسف . ففعلت وطلبت منتج جديد فقامت الشركة بايقاف حسابي واتهموني بانني اتاجر في المنتج . وبعد ان استطعت اثبات براءتي لدي خدمة العملاء . ارسلوا الي حامل بخصم 150 لكنه وياللهراء وصل كسابقه . مشبك فقط . وهذه ثاني تجربة معهم حيث وصلني قبل ذلك مايك بلوتوث بدون المشبك . يبدو انها عادة وليست خطا
للاسف كلمت خدمة العملاء كتير والمشكلة مازلت
يجنن خدمه فيه
يصير اشتري منه واني بل عراق يعني اكو توصيل
كان افضل تطبيق عندي بس الدفع عند الاستلام واقف
مندوب التوصيل سئ جدا
تجربة سيئه لا يوجد مصداقيه
كان جيد ويستهل ١٠نجوم لان سيء ويستهل صفرنطلب طلب وبعد يرفض اطلب بايم
لا يستحق اي نجمة لانه لايدعن الغة العراقية
تحفه وعروض مثيرة
: two_hearts : EMO_POS جميل
امازون للتسوق
تجربة شراء ممتازة
يتم عمليات نصب كثيره من خلاله
تطبيق روعة التسويق سهل جدا
شركة سيئة جدا لا تستحق حتي نجمة واحدة ، وفي اول تجربة قررت حذف البرنامج
تجربه سيئه الطلب يجني خطا مرتين
جميل جدا ومضمون
احسن ناس
امازون مصر مش كويس وصل منتج تالف كلمت خدمه العملاء قفلت الحساب وجركن الزيت راح عليه ب ١٥٨٠ جنيه شكرا امازون مصر
بيبيع حاجات حلوه
اسوا شركة وخدمة عملا تيموا وعلي بابا وغير افضل بكثير وارخص
Gut : thumbs_up_light_skin_tone :
Gute Erfahrung , ich empfehle es .
اسعار رائعة افضل من اسعار الاسواق الاخري ، وتوصيل اكيد .
فاشل طردي كان يصلني بحد اقصي 3 ايام صار يبرك شهر
Il sito web mi sta truffando . Ho effettuato tre ordini , numerati 1317 , 3986 e 9970 , il 16 gennaio e il 22 , e non li ho ancora ricevuti .
: thumbs_up_light_skin_tone : good
دعمي الكامل للعلامات التجارية الكندية ! : canada : : flexed_biceps :
طلبي منذ 23 ديسمبر حتي اليوم لم استلمه . انا موقع نصب
Ich habe vor drei Monaten Kleidung bestellt , sie ist noch nicht angekommen , und ich habe auch keine Rückerstattung erhalten .
تم الدفع لعده طلبات من موقع سيماك الصيني وتم الغاء الطلب من الموقع بدون اذني او ارسال ايميل لي ولم يتم استرداد فلوس طلباتي الي الان
احترام للمواعيد بسرعه التسليم
ماشاءالله
Perfekt und super
my experience untel now is terriple , you are dealing with robots ,
تم التجربة
تطبيق نصب واحتيال رجاءا لا احد يشتري منه ما يوصلون ليك الطلب
Det är fantastiskt
فخم
I will not back down from the evaluation because I was scammed and the site asked me to download the application to track my package . لن اتراجع عن التقييم لانه تم النصب علي وقدطلب مني الموقع انزال التطبيق لاتتبع طردي
I contacted them several times and filed a complaint about buying and I was defrauded at its price and they did not respond .
طلبت طلبيه ليها ٢٠ يوم للحين م وصلت م ادري عنها شي حتي الموقع اللي طلبت منه اختفي من عندكم علي التطبيق
مع التاخير ، لكن جيدة الخدمة
awesome service
تطبيق مره جيد جدا
جيدجدا برنامج جميل
Useful and wonderful
The purchase was made from the application , they did not send me the shipment , they did not respond to the email of the website of Nasab , and so far there is no response . نصابين اشتريت منهم حول ٤٠٠ ريال ولا ارسلو لي شي
الغه العربيه ليست موجوده
A great program that tracks shipments from the moment they are shipped until they reach you . It deserves five stars .
ماشاءالله مايحتاج اقول EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS : heart_suit : : heart_suit : : heart_suit :
It's very good app
انتباه : برنامج نصب واحتيال انتبه لا احد يشتري منه Attention : A scam program that pays attention no one buys from Achtung : Ein Betrugsprogramm , das aufpasst , dass niemand von ihm kauft
Er staat verzending binnen 24 uur , maar de bestelling is niet binnen 5 dagen aangekomen en er is geen tracking van de bestelling Tot nu toe heeft er niets frauduleus plaatsgevonden
مستر بيست
sui
ارو تطبيق يا مستر بيست اريد منزل حديدا و سيارة شكرا علي القراءة
Be careful , this is a fraudulent and unreliable site . I ordered a product through this site and the full amount was deducted from my bank account . More than a month has passed since the purchase was completed and I have not received the shipment tracking number . I tried to contact support via email and did not receive any response . I am very frustrated . I do not know how these applications continue to defraud people . This is really bad .
Mr . Beast EMO_POS
نايسو
Very helpful
it's amazing
حملت هذه التطبيق عن طريق مستر بيست اريد سيارة تيسلا وتاب سامسونج
وانا اتمني ان احصل علي ما تقدرو عليه
روعة بس عملة التطبيق شو بظبط
حملت تطبيق عن طريقة مستر بيست حلمي ايفون EMO_POS : fire :
لقد حملت هذا التطبيق عن طريق مستر بيست واتمنا سيارة تيسلا
اشكر القايمين علي هذا البرنامج
Good : crown :
اريد تسلا
صرحا تطبيق اشي بجنن انا عرفت تطبيق عن طريقه مستر بيست شكرا مستر بيست
اريد ان احمل هذا التطبيق لاكن لا يعمل اطلاقا يعني لايتحمل واريد ان احمله التطبيق حق مستر بيست عرفت تطبيق شوب من ذاك الفيديو وتمنا جوال ايفون وارجو ان يتحقق احلامي ارجوا
الفضل لمستر بيست شكرا
I downloaded the program and am asking for help because I am in new debt . I am asking for help
Good : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
انا حملت تطبيق شوب واتمنا من مستر بيست 5 الف دولار كا هديه لعيالي لاشتري سياره
اتمني ان يمنحني مستر بيست ايفون
I modified the review and rating . . . . . The update appeared . After the last update . Worked efficiently with the Galaxy S22 . thank you
انا عايز اخش دحدي 50 يوم .
Sir , I am waiting for you to surprise me , thank you
انا نزلت التطبيق من مستر بيست واتمني الحصول علي سياره تسلا
It deserves more than five stars . Wow , very wonderful : star - struck : : algeria :
احسنت ياصانع المجال EMO_POS : heart_hands : متسر بيست
متز
Amazing : peach :
شكرا مستربيست لانكا اخبرتنا عن هذا الطبيق الرائع انا اشكرا
من مقاطع مستر بيست اتيت اريد سيارة تيسلا : face_with_tears_of_joy : : face_with_tears_of_joy : بمناسبة عيد الميلاد
Mr beast is bist : rose : : rose : : rose : : rose : : rose : : rose : : rose :
Hello , I came from a YouTube video and I want to get some money because I want to have an operation on my eyes and I want a Tesla car . Will you do this for me?
Thank you , Mr . Pace . I want a Tesla car .
Bad application needs permissions for everything
Thanks for the Shaw app
Very perfect
لماذا يكون له صلاحية الاطلاع علي رسائل البريد ! ! ! ! ! ! !
من مقاطع مستر بيس اتيت : beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes :
موقع نصب واحتيال Scams Scammer and bad service even they don't answer to the email
Best app ever
د Please support the Arabic language , thank you
Scammers received nothing but a rope
Great EMO_POS
Warning crooks and cheaters
Great app
Very good thanks
برنامج اسطوري
It's very beautiful , but my only dream is that Mr . Beast invites me to play it
A bad application , I can classify the application as a hack Because the app does not allow you to track the parcel Only after you give him sensitive permissions to the email
مايدعم اللغة العربية اذا حد يعرف يتفضل
I returned an item and they didn't send me my refund
They do not deserve to evaluate the request . I did not receive it from the 16th of last month until now . It did not come
رائع ومفصل انتضر الشحن
atlassian
berfct
Good job
Goof
It doesn't work on Android 12
ممتاز عشان تتبع طلبية شي ان
I can't access the app
لا يشتغل علي اجهزة السامسونج
ممتاز ولا غلطه
تطبيق زي الزفت
nice app , its linked to the tracking number of my shipment around the globe , sometime i should enter my tracking number , i am from Kuwait
Bad keeps kicking me out
برنامج مفيد جدا
Scams احتيال
برنامج ممتاز و سهل
مع الشعب . .
Fantastic
Thief
İyi
جميل جدا" انصح به
تطبيق اكثر من رائع . انصح به
تطبيق مذهل ، اعجبني حقا
Excellant application
Awesome App for Tracking
فاشل جدا صار لي شهر ولا وصلني شي
ممتاز EMO_POS : ok_hand : : ok_hand :
V . good jop
اتطبيق ممتاز
Bien bien
very nice and i Like very much EMO_POS EMO_POS
برنامج رائع جدا
Vip
Excelente
Not good
Nice app
Muy bueno
مافي غير ١٢دولة ولا وحدة عربية
Orsnifn
ميفيدك
وبعت قاط مال عرسي
لتينيوذهيلرهبرر خسخيتعظره بخوا هيهيتهسراجو
روعه يفيد العراقيين كولش
زي السيارات المفتوحة البحث في العناوين الرئيسية قائمة المنتديات العامة اخر رد كتبه مشهور حسن البنا ،
ممكن احد يعلمني كيف ابيع وكيف اشتري ويعني اذا اشتريت يجي لمركز البريد
جيد وحلو
رؤعةة رؤعةة رؤعةة رؤعةة رؤعةة رؤعةة رؤعةة رؤعةة رؤعةة رؤعةة رؤعةة رؤعةة
احلا برنامج في كل الكرة الارضية
يلعب النفس هو هاذة سابينة بي
عبسان الكبيرة . حي ابو طعيمة
زبالة زباله زبالةزبالة
الشريفي
تحت الاختبار
جاري التثبيت
لاجل النقاط ه
تحت التنزيل
شكران عله هاذه لبرنامج لمنتاز
ايخبل بس بعدني ماشفته
الحال
العاشق
funy
تقريبن
Please call us on mobile 77906051 Instagram account @ portacabin_Qatar Doha - Qatar
لزيز
Thanks for
برنامج لا فهم تشغيله
انثي
لا . اقدر اوصف الشعور . الي في نفسي
Xnxx good
برنامج جميل ومفيد
برنامج جميل حقا . .
Up
Nenoa
رؤعه
يالبي نقاطي 2288 اركد فديتك
احب هذة
نقاط فقط لاغير
Wo
اهلا
I liked
للنقاط فقط
ي لبي النقاط عندي 1000 : $
I can't found Arabia canutry
نقااط
اريد نقاط
ممناز
شكرشكرعلا
After the update it is not working
الكندره
مرحبا ص ص التسميات
طالب . جامعي
برنامج حلو
قاط نقاط الهند ه
كيف النقاط معكم ه
معفن السعوديه ومعضم الدول العربيه غير موجوده . .
علموود النقاط ه
Ver Goog App for google
Saab
Hello
I cannot open the app on galaxy tab 2 it's give me msg "Network connection error" while i've internet working normaly
وش فايدته مافهمت كيف بعمل
Excellent . Fantastic .
عمان
جمعه مباركه عليك يادكتور
سئ جدا لا يحتوي في البحث علي اي مناطق
جيده جدا كان لدي مشكله في نشر الاعلان ثم بعد التواصل مع خدمة العملاء تم حل المشكله وتعويضي عن التاخيربتمييز اعلاني لمدة شهر
مو كل مناطق القاهرة موجوده في التطبيق
مش بيجيب الموقع كل ما ادخله يخرج لوحده وحش جدا محدش يستخدمه
سئ جدا لا انصح بتحميله الموقع بيعلق كتير + مش بيظهر رقم المعلنين بعد اكتر من اعلان نجمه واحده كتيره عليه
التحديث الاخير زبالة يا جماعه بيعلق كتير جدا ومش باعرف اوصل للمالك ويقولي تم ارسال طلبك للمالك وهيكلمك ومحدش بيكلمني وحاجه اخر زباله وعاملين اشتراك وفي الاخر ملوش اي ستين لازمه
كل ما حدد سعر الايجار الابلكيشن يهنج ويفصل لوحده لحد ما عملت الغاء تثبيت
معلش من الذكي اللي عمل اشتراك شهري للابلكيشن انا افهم اني كبايع تاخد مني فلوس للاعلان انما تاخد مني مشتري علشان اتفرج انا هامسحه من عندي
احيانا يتوقف عن العمل .
لا يعمل و مش بيفتح
اتمني ان تكون جيدة
افشل تطبيق عقارات علي المتجر اكتب رقم موبايلي يديني غلط اختار لوكيشن يقولي حدث خطا حاجه قمة الفشل
التطبيق فجاءه كل ما اشغلو يجبلي شاشه سوداء ومبيشتغلش والشاشة السوداء ثابته مسحت التطبيق ونزلتو اكتر من مره ولسه المشكله موجوده ارجو الرد وسرعه حل المشكلة من القائمين علي التطبيق وشكرا جزيلا ، ،
لا يعمل
ياريت يكون رقم خدمة العملاء موضح بالابلكيشن وده لضمان المصداقية ، بتمنالكم التوفيق
لقد قمت باضافة اعلان في منطقة من المناطق المدفوعة تحتاح لدفع 10 . 0 نقطة لنشر اعلانك . هذا ما وصلت اليه عن طريق الموقع
اسرع وصول لعرض اعلاناتك العقارية في مصر
بصراحة افضل تطبيق عقارات في ٢٠٢٥ : heart_suit :
التطبيق مش عايز يشتغل معايا اعمل ايه ومسحته ونزلته تاني ونفس الحكايه
تطبيق متميز
موقع محترم
جيد جدا و خدمة عملاء ممتازه
ابليكسشن مريح في التعامل بيه وسهل الاستخدام
ابلكيشن حلو جدا و سهل التعامل معاه و بيسهل علينا جدا نوصل للكل اللي محتاجينه
خدمه ممتازه جداا
great alp
سهل الاستخدام EMO_POS
تطبيق رائع و مفيد ، ساعدني كثيرا . شكرا لكم
ممتاز جدا EMO_POS
Perfect and useful application that is easy to use : heart_suit : : heart_suit :
الابليكشين حلو جدا
ابليكشن جميل في كل حاجة للعقارات والشقق
ابلكشن ممتاز وسهل جدا
البحث علي الوحدات سهل ومرن
سهل فالاستخدام مش معقد ومش محتاج قدرات خاصه لاستخدام
تطبيق سهل الاستخدام ومريح
موقع متنوع العقارات
سهل في الاستخدام ومش معقد ومريح في التعامل
يا لها من تجربة رائعة
Grat app useful
Excellent app for anyone looking to buy , sell , or rent properties . The interface is user - friendly , and the search filters are very detailed , making it easy to find exactly what you're looking for . Highly recommended for anyone in the real estate market .
wonderful , useful application that is easy to use : heart_suit : : heart_suit : : heart_suit :
تجربة مفيدة و جيد في استخدام البحث
حلوه جدا وفي كل الاسعار المناسبة بتوفيق
الموقع مش بيظبط
من احسن البرامج العقارية شكرا للقائمين عليه
: globe_showing_asia - australia : : sparkles :
اسوا خدمة عملاء لا يوجد حلول للمشكلات
الطبيق سيئ جدا
Doesn't work
التطبيق مش بيفتح وبيهنج بطيئ جدا في البحث واضافة الاعلانات . زي الزفت
لا يعمل نهائيا
سي جدا ولا يعمل
انا مسحت التطبيق نهائي بيعطل اكتر مابيشتغل حتي بعد التحديث دا غير الاسعار الوهمية ع كتير من العقارات لو كنتوا استمريتوا اعتقد كنتوا هتبقي من افضل برامج العقارات
برنامج لا يعمل انشا حساب اي السبب
البرنامج لا يعمل محرك الباحث واقف وتسجيل الدخول متعطل وكمان انشاء حساب برضو واقف
احاول الدخول للموقع دون فائدة
التطبيق لا يعمل ولايمكن البحث فيه بعد التحديث الاخير
التطبيق لايعمل
التطبيق اصبح سئ جدا ولا يفتح و ولايعرض بعد التحديثات . . وتمت تجربته اكثر من مره والحال كما هو . . .
التحديث الجديد زفت
هل التطبيق صادق لو عايزة شقة ؟
التطبيق سيء جدا لا يعمل
البرنامج اصبح سئ جدا كل مدوس اتصال علي صاحب المنشاة يقلي خطاء غير معروف ياريت تحلو المشكله في اسرع وقت
سيء جدا مش بيجمع وكله بقي انجليزي
البرنامج كان في الماضي ممتاز الان فاشل جدا لايعمل ويتم الموافقه علي الاعلان متاخرة جدا بعد مايتم البيع لا يستحق الان ولا نجمة
التطبيق للاسف لا يقوم بتحميل الصور
البرنامج لا يعمل لا يسجل دخول لا يبحث عطل في قاعدة البيانات
جيد جدان لاكن لا يظهر نسبت المشهدات
تطبيق زباله كل شويه لازم تمسحه وتنزله
تطبيق فاشل بكل المعايير
البرنامج تم تحميله وعمل منشور ولكن يصعب عليا تحميل الصور حاولت كتير يقولي فعل اذن الصور ولكن في الضبط لا يوجد اذن للصور يوجد فقط الهاتف والاشعارات والموقع الجغرافي
٢٣٣ ٣
مميز ومشهور ومتداول
مش عارفة انشئ حساب
دفعت ثمن اعلان 114 ولم يتم العرض اعلان وتم حذف الحساب من برنامج . حسبي الله ونعم الوكيل
يوجد مشكله في عرض العقارات الخاصه بنا يرجي حل المشكله
برنامج ممتاز لاغني عنه لمعرفة اسعار العقار او الشراء عن طريقه . . مميز ونشيط ولديه معارض عقارية سنويه يشرف عليها ارجوا من الدعم يفتحون لنا دعم الروابط الخارجيه للبرنامج . . مثلا لو فتحت رابط لعقار ماب علي الواتساب مباشرة يرسلني لفتح البرنامج
التطبيق يتوقف يوميا و لازم كل يوم اعيد ان تنزيله حتي يعمل
مش شغال بعد التحديث وكل شويه انزله من جديد
ممتازة و يستحق 5ستار
ممتاز و فريق عمل رائع
افضل من اوليكس نوعا ما
البرنامج مش شغال علفون فاعلان جديد
التطبيق كويس جدا بس المشكله انه مره وحده مش بيشتغل ولازم كل فتره والتانيه تمسحه وتحمله تاني اعتقد ده ممكن يسبب عزوف الناس عن التطبيق والبحث عن تطبيقات تانيه
انتوا ازاي تاخدوا صور لشقه انا عارضاها علي الفيس و تحطوها علي الابليكشن بتعكم
التطبيق جيد و لكن يحتاج الي ضبط اداة التقييم العقاري حيث كلما اردت معرفة سعر العقار تظهر رسالة حدث خطا رجاء المحاولة لاحقا
تطبيق فوق الممتاز وفريق عمل رائع
Good frind
فيه مشكله في البرنامج بعد التحديث
ممتاز جدا ويستاهل الاعلان
فيه مشكلة في تحميل الموقع ياريت يتم اصلاحها وشكرا لمجهودكم
مايعمل
كل ماتتمناه من بيع وشراء والاجمل انه مجاني الله يباركلكم
دايما مش بيفتح وتقيل جدا جدا لو فتح اكيد في حاجه غلط
تطبيق فاشل فاشل كلمة فاشل قليلة عليكم عملت اعلان ممول سرقتوني فيه نزل يومين واتمسح يا ولاد الوسخه ، احب اقولكم غوروا في ستين داهيه النجمة دي علشان بس اقدر اكتب ال في قلبي يا لصوص تم الغاء التثبيت
التطبيق القديم اسهل
يتواجد الكثير ممن يطلبون الرقم السري واسم المستخدم علي حسابك الشخصي في البنوك السعودية لاجل حجز عربون ، يسهل لهم هذا التطبيق عملهم للنصب والاحتيال علي الناس تم ابلاغ الجهات المختصة عن تطبيق عقار ماب . "يرجي مراجعة قسم العقار في مدينة جدة حي النسيم اعلانات وهمية "
s broker مابردش بسرعة
جميل جدان راع راع راع راع راع
ممتاز EMO_POS EMO_POS
التطبيق كان ممتازوبعداستخدامي اسبوعين اصبح حاليازفت الزفت
سئ جدا ولا يمكنك اضافه اي اعلان
Keep going
اتمني التقدم والازدهار لبلدي مصر
تجربه فريده ورائعه
البرنامج بطي جدا اصلا غير ان مفيش طريقه لاستعادة كلمه المرور اصلا ولما بطلب اعاده تعيين مفيش رساله بتجيلي علي الايميل عشان اعمل باسورد جديد
يحتاج الي تعديل
ضعيف
: hundred_points : : hundred_points : : hundred_points :
تم الغاء التثبيت
تطبيق غير راضي عنه نهائيا اكثر من شهر فشل الاتصال و تعطيل و نسبة قليلة الا بينزل شغل عقارات عليه حاولو تطورو شوية المفروض يكون فيه مميزات و شد الانتباه اوليكس كان الاول الافضل حاليا يعتبر زيكم بالظبط و خطوات النشر و دخول الاعلان و الاستعلام عن طري الموبيل سهلو الموضوع فيه ناس مش بتعرف تستخدمه
تجربة جميلة وتعامل اجمل من كل فريق العمل ومتابعة رائعة اشكركم
Good app and customer service , and very modern aswell I liked it alot
برنامج رائع وموقع الكتروني ممتاز شكرا بجد علي المجهود الطيب
تطبيق بطيئ علي ما يحمل تحس انك شغال علي ويندوز ٩٨
مفيد
ممتاز يستحق ٥ نجوم
برنامج ممتاز وسهل جزاكم الله كل الخير وشكرا لكم
تطبيق اكبر من فاشل يطلع لواحد الضغط
سيء جدا جدا جدا جدا
حضرتك قولت افضل باقات للمسوق واحنا لسة بنقول ياهادي في الشغل لسة في البداية ليش ماتخلوا تجربة مجاني يعني ولا انتم عاملين البرنامج لناس معينة عموما الف شكرا ليكم
شكرا عقار ماب
رائع جدا جدا
برنامج قيم
م يشتغل تعبني ونا احاول ف : loudly_crying_face :
عالمي
عقار ماب ممتاز جدا جدا جدا واشكر خدمه العملاء انهم ساعدوني في حل مشكله كلمه المرور فعلا يستحق مليون نجمه
تطبيق ممتاز ورائع
اول ماالشقة تتباع وعد حملة اعلانية علي كل مواقع التواصل : ok_hand_light_skin_tone : وعد
تطبيق جميل جدا
موقع مميز جدا
صعب التعامل مع الوقع
برنامج مميز
للاسف التطبيق لايعمل
ممتاز اتمني ان يسبق olx
الي الافضل ونجاح مستمر
ممتاز *****
Fine
تطبيق ممتاز شكرا علي المجهود الرائع
التطبيق سئ مش مجاني لازم بالفلوس لا يستاهل ولا نجمة للاسف وضعت نجمة لاتاحة النشر
لحدا ما
مفيد جدا
تطبيق مميز
تطبيق جميل ويقرب المسافات في البيع والشراء
ما هو التطبيق ، الذي يمنع الدخول علي جوجل
برنامج سئ جدا حتي بعد مانزلت التحديث مبيطلعش نتايج البحث : astonished_face :
تطبيق سيئ جدا
افضل تطبيق يستحق مليار نجمة للتسويق العقاري
البرنامج جميل جدا
برنامج سئ
موقع مميز شكرا لكم
اسعاره مبلغ فيها
يعني
تطبيق في قمة السؤء
تطبيق سيئ
االتطبيق جميل ومفيد ولكني تواجهني بعض المشاكل التطبيق حاليا لا يفتح اكثر من ثلاث اعلانات بعد التحديث ارجو العمل علي اصلاح المشكلة
ممتاز بالتوفيق
برنامج سئ جدا جدا
موقع غير تفاعلي .
جيد ولكن الاعلانات قليله
برنامج تحميل وتحديث بجد زي الزفت
اقسم بالله اسوء تطبيق شوفته في حياتي ، ولا يوجد اي مصداقيه
غير عملي
اين نمره شادي محمد المعلن عن شاليه في سيدي كرير مائه متر بالساحل الشمالي
ممتاز جدا ومفيد
يستحق التعامل من خلاله
عملت اعلان مفيش ولا اتصال نسبه مشاهده ضعيفه جدا
البرنامج محتاج تحديث يواكب متطلبات لاكن استمراره بهذا الشكل غيرمفيذ ! ! ؟ ؟
مرضي
ابحث عن شقة للبيع شارع مكرم عبيد القاهرة
لسه ما جربتش
فاشل لا يعمل في مدينتي
هو ليه الاعلان بفلوس بس ! ! ! ! !
جيد جدا لو تم تحديث الاعلانات عن الشقق باستمرار
جميل جدا وممتاز ربنا يبارك فيكم
تطبيق كويس جدا و وفر علينا وقت كبير
رائع بجد
خدمه جيده لاكن مطلوب الافضل
ساعدني في البحث عن شقه
اذا اخترت المكان السعودية يفترض تكون الاسعار بالريال السعودي مو الجنيه المصري ، نرجو التعديل .
ممتاز : star : : star : : star : : star :
اسوء تجربة في تطبيقات العقار
غير مرن في طريقة العرض
جدي جدي
مقبول ولكن غالي
ازاي انزل اعلان مجاني
جده
احبه
تطبيق استغلال انصح بعدم التعامل معاه
هوه ده اجمل تحديث
اعلانات كتير جدا
مووت
wow
مش مجاني
رايعا
انصحكم فييه
انا من غيرك بتوه توهان
Best music app
تحفه : fallen_leaf :
شكرا لكل من ساهم في البرنامج الجميل ده بسم الله ماشاء الله تبارك الرحمن
It is very good my family know it and my friends so bye
تطبيق رائع رائع رائع يستاهل اكتر من خمس نجوم : star : : star : : star : : star : : star : : star : : star : : star :
يجن
السلام عليكم ورحمه الله وبركاته
اجميل
EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
جميل : rose :
افضل برنامج لتشغيل الاغاني EMO_POS
رائع جدا : index_pointing_at_the_viewer :
tmam
جامد جدا جدا
حبيت حبيت حبيت
روعه وكل سنه وانتم طيبين وبخير مجهود فوق الممتاز
موب زين
قلبي انا
nice : slightly_smiling_face :
بس مشان bts
جميل و لكن به اعطال
جميل ✓
ممتاز EMO_POS
موجود فيه محاضرات دينيه جميلة جدا انصح به
التطبيق جميل بس عند استراد علي الاعلان قبل الاغنيه : smiling_face_with_hearts : : face_savoring_food :
لان كل شوي يطلع لي اعلانات : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
التطبيق جيد جدا
yú
جميل جدا : light_blue_heart : : light_blue_heart : : light_blue_heart : : light_blue_heart : : light_blue_heart : : light_blue_heart : : light_blue_heart : : light_blue_heart :
حماده
تحفهه جدا بس المشكله انو ب انترنت
اغاني جميله
استمتع في الموسيقي : beating_heart :
برنامج كويس جدا
كتير حلوين
simple and very nice
ممتاز اووي
جميلل جداا ولاكن الاعلانات مزعجه
حلوو بس المشكله في الاعلانات
جميل جدا EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
Very very excellent
I : heart_suit : loved I appreciate you doing guys : hundred_points : EMO_POS : folded_hands : EMO_POS
تطبیق رائع جدا و ینزل اجد الالغانی
تحفهه EMO_POS
برنامج جميل جدا جدا
فاشل EMO_NEG
لماذا التطبيق لا يفتح عندي ؟ فجاه لقيته معلق اليوم ولم اتمكن من فتحه ابدا اليوم فما المشكله ؟
خسارة فيه النجمة مبيشغلش قران متعمد و بيشغل اغاني عادي من قايمة المفضلات
احلة حاجة اصوات مشايخ القران
ممتار جدا جدا جدا
اسطوري
جميل جدا في قمة الروعة EMO_POS EMO_POS
وحش جدا لازم يختار اغنيه عشوائيه ع مزاجو وبيقول قواعد
حلو بس ساعات بيقف لوحده
جدا رائعة اغاني من مختلف البلدن : check_mark_button :
حب
افضل تطبيق استخدمته
التطبيق مرة جميل ويعطيك شهر اشتراك مجاني حملو ما بتندمو . في الشهر والصوت اسطوري
بحب هذا التطبيق ولكن لدي مشكله الان لم يفتح هذا التبيق الان
رائع تطبيق ولا اجمل
: sparkles : : sparkles : : sparkles :
بيعلق كتير
هاذا التطبيق مذهل
يجنن
EMO_POS
ببلاش مرحبا
I loved this app , it's beautiful , but if it were without a subscription , it would cost five .
انا اشتراكي في انغامي بلس عن طريق اتصالات ايميرلد كل شويه تلغوا الاشتراك حاجه زفت وحتي مافيش للدعم الفني رقم ارجو التواصل
افضل
يجن EMO_POS بذات الشامي وبيسان : ok_hand : : white_heart :
وحش جدا لازم تدفع فلوس
افضل برنامج للموسيقي
جميل جدا ورائع جدا
حلوه بس لو يشيلون الاعلانات اووف
تطبيق رائع علي اسمه تطبيق انغامي وانا احب النغمة والموسيقي
احلي : smiling_face_with_hearts : برنامج
جميل للغاية : heart_suit : : sparkles :
the best music experinece i have is on anghami
اعلانات كتير خالص
مميزات البرنامج كتيره جدا
حلوه اوي بجد
هيله
البرنامج جامد
افضل ابلكيشن
وحش وحش وحش لانه مش مجاني كل ب الفلوس
من اجمل البرامج
جميل : slightly_smiling_face :
كتير اعلانات
جميل ولكن عاوزين اغاني اكتر
ليه دايما فيه مشكله في الاستراك
حلو اوي جميل بس الكلمات مش تزهر كلها بس بس حلو اوي بجد تحفه
لانه بنت وليت بدون نت
good EMO_POS : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
تطبيق ممتاز ، يفوز بافضل تطبيق اغاني حملته انصح فيه
برنامج جميل جدا حتي بدون نت يمكنك سماع لاغاني عندما تحفطهم في قائمه لاعجبات : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts :
بجن بتمنه تخففوا الدعيات ياريت وباسرع وقت
سيء جدا ولا انصح احد بتجربته وبفلوس
تمام بس المشكله في التنزيل
جامد مشا الله
اصلي يا اسطي
يطربني هذا البرنامج
: smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts :
برنامج جميل وكل حاجه بس مشكلته في الاعلانات كثيره قوي يعني كل اغنيه لازما يجيب لي عليها اعلان اعلانات كثيره قوي ياريت الشركه تهتم بموضوع الاعلانات ده اني مش حاجه لطيفه
جامد اوي
اليوم ٢ فبراير ٢٠٢٦ مش عارف الغي الاشتراك وحاولت اكتر من مره
ممتاز المشكلة الوحيدة هي انه يتطلب اشتراك وغير هاذا ممتاز جدا جدا جدا
كتير كتير كتير حلو والله EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS : sparkling_heart : : sparkling_heart : : sparkling_heart :
جميلا جدا ، وشكرا لانغامي علي هذا التطبيق المبهر والرائعه جدا EMO_POS
هو بيعلق شويه بس جميل
التطبيق روعه ارجو منكم التحميل
نعم
جميل جدا يستحق الخمس نجوم
حلو وكل حاجه بس المشكله في الاعلانات حاولو تخفو الاعلانات
احلي حاجه
برنامج رائع ومميز جدا وسهل الاستخدام جدا جدا جدا : heart_suit : : heart_suit :
من افضل برامج الموسيقي شكرا لفريق انغامي : heart_suit : : heart_suit : : heart_suit : : rose : : rose : : rose :
كتير حلو بس في ميزات بس للبلس يقهر
وحش اوي
جدا ممتاز وقاتل للوقت
شكرا : ok_hand : : victory_hand : : white_heart : : slightly_smiling_face :
البرنامج وحش جدا EMO_NEG EMO_NEG EMO_NEG EMO_NEG EMO_NEG
اعلانات كثير
جميل اووي
اصلي
حلومره EMO_POS : smiling_face_with_hearts :
يتوقف احيانا بدون سبب
افخم برنامج علي الشرق الاوسط
اغاني جميلة جدا
يسمعك علي مزاجه سبوت افضل منه
ليس جميل
اجمل برنامج
سيء جدا . . ما حد ينزله برنامج سيء ومتحكم واعلانات بشعع
جميل قوي
جميل جدا ورائع جدا جدا جدا
حلو جدا جدا جدا
هو ليس مجاني
جد واو واو واو
مره كان جميل واصح بتجربته
برنامج جميل جدا : heart_suit : : heart_suit : : rose :
انغامي فاشل فاشل فاشل انا بدي احط علي اغنيه معينه موجوده عندي لا هو بحط اغاني علي كيفو
مره ممتعه
شكرا انغامي
احسن من اسبوت فااي دخول اخر الاغنيه في اللبعديها شكرا جدا
يائع موجود الفونك فيه
جوده عاليه تمام
EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
اجمل تطبيق : full_moon : : full_moon : : full_moon : : full_moon :
التطبيق يعتمد عالاعلانات وهذا ليس جيد ويقيد السماع اتمني حل هذه المشكله وسهوله استخدام التطبيق للمستخدم العادي
ممتاز ورائع
ممتاز شكرا
انهوا تطبيق رائع جدا
جيد جدا . . . .
برنامج ناجح وممتاز وانصح بتنزيله لما وجدته من فائده بستحق اكثر من مليون نجمه
واو خيال : face_blowing_a_kiss : : face_blowing_a_kiss : : face_blowing_a_kiss : : face_blowing_a_kiss :
شكران
الو
من افضل برامج الي
تطبيق حلو بس به اعلانات كثيره يتم تشغيل اعلان مدته 10ثواني او اكثر تقريبا بعد الستماع الي كل اغنية
حلو بس الاعلانات تغثي
God : sparkling_heart : : sparkling_heart : : sparkling_heart : : sparkling_heart : : sparkling_heart : : sparkling_heart :
لسه هجربه وهقول : face_with_tears_of_joy : : heart_suit : : slightly_smiling_face :
اسطوره
يجي بلادب
: leaf_fluttering_in_wind : : blossom : ڪل الورد ﻟ؏ﻴوﻧك : blossom : : leaf_fluttering_in_wind :
لا تنزله عشان تحمل اغنيه لازم تدفع و مو كل اغاني موجوده
جيد جدا ، يحتاج ميزة فصل الفنان من الموسيقي او العكس لكن التطبيق والفريق الفني متميزون شكرا لكم : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts :
مز وحلو
يهبل
روعه لانه مجاني لو بفلوس بردضو روعه
تجنن بس ياليت يلغون ميزت الشتراك : pleading_face : : pleading_face :
تطبيق رائع و مسلي لسماع الموسيقا اتمني له الترقي و التفوق
ماشاء الله ططبيق يستحق اكثر من خمس نجوم ما شاءلله واو واو : heart_suit : : heart_suit : : heart_suit : : pleading_face : : heart_suit : : heart_suit :
امراتا ياتيني اعلانات طويله فاطر اني اخرج منه ثم ارجع و عندما افتح الكلمات علي الدفع مع ذلك عليها ان تكون مجانيه ؟ ؟
Goog
تجربه ممتعه
تم الاشتراك في انغامي بلس وكل دقيقة يعمل ايقاف للمقطع
تاكيد للتقييم السابق انغانمي رائع والمكان المناسب لعشاق الموسيقي العربيه والشرقيه وخصوصا نجوم منتصف القرن الماضي لقيت اعمال واصدارت في انغامي ما لقيتها باي تطبيق اخر ولعشاق البودكاست انغامي هو المكان المناسب وعن تجربة قرابة خمس سنوات انصحكم به
ممتاز جداا
ur songs so butiful
اجمل ما في الكون في الاغاني
التطبيق جميل جدا جدا EMO_POS EMO_POS
لاش في لايف : thinking_face : : thinking_face : : thinking_face : : thinking_face : : thinking_face : : thinking_face : : thinking_face : : thinking_face : : thinking_face : : thinking_face : : thinking_face : : thinking_face : : thinking_face : : thinking_face : : thinking_face : : thinking_face : : thinking_face : : thinking_face :
برنامج جمل انصحكم بي
كتير . حلو كتير جد جد ولله حلو وكمان مساحته قليله كتير
خرا
المهرجانات روعه ولاكن بنت
جميله وحلوه
فعلا طبيق ممتاز
برنمج حلو جدا ومفيش اعلانات ودي حجه جميلا
اريد الغاء تفعيل الاشتراك
تطبيق رهيب EMO_POS : ok_hand :
تطبيق مره حلو : loudly_crying_face :
ممتااز
رائع جدا انا مستمع
ممتاز والله العظيم
لم يعمل
تطبيق سيء كلو بدو مشتري
بجن
ممتع
absolutly great this is better than spotify too
لابس هناك اغاني حديثه
ممتاز جدا وبدون اعلانات بنصح الكل ينزله
يعمل بدون نت
perfect app
وو او
ياريت يتم اضافة اغنيه المغنيه المصرين الجديد اول ما تنزل لان في اغنيه لي مغنين المهرجانات مش موجود
جيد EMO_POS شكراا لكم
⁦ EMO_POS ⁩⁦ EMO_POS ⁩⁦ : smiling_face : ⁩ : beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes :
رائع فقط رائع
انا عاوز اشتراك ببلاش
very good EMO_POS
احب انغامي
ممتاز EMO_POS : glowing_star :
IT IS VERY GOOD APP
جدا ممتاز
هو حلو بس لو كان بدون اشتراكات ها يصير احلا بس بصراحه عجبني التطبيق كنت منزلتو عشان اغنيتي المفضله وبس شكرا علي التطبيق : rose :
البرنامج حلو مره
احسن تجربة
تجربة ممتعة . .
حلو قوي بس لو ما فيش اعلانات هيكون احلي
تطبيق مميز وساهل
جميل التطبيق : sparkles : : white_heart :
راءع جداا احببته تتوفر فيه كل الاغاني و حتي السور القرانية : smiling_face_with_hearts : : white_heart :
برنامج جميل ورائع ، EMO_POS : heart_suit : : heart_suit : : heart_suit :
It's very good and enjoyable to listen to all the songs . : sparkling_heart :
it's so nice program : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes : but I wish all the music is free
الهف زر
افضل تطبيق موسيقي انا جربته و بيوفر اغاني عربيه و انجليزيه و كل المعنيين
تجربته ممتازه معاده الاعلانات
ماشاء الله استحق الدعم
اجمل تطبيق اغاني
عدم تورفر امكانيه الدفع بشكل مناسب
جميل معاصر الوقت : smiling_face_with_hearts : : face_blowing_a_kiss : : face_blowing_a_kiss :
بدون نت افضل
نضي
و اخيرا بقدر اسمع البوم الجديد ل فرقة بتس لانو التطبيق عملو تعاون معهم : woman_dancing_light_skin_tone : : woman_dancing_light_skin_tone : : grinning_face :
سئ جدا بيختره الحاجه علي مزجهم
فيله كل الاغاني الي كنت ابغاها
كيوت اوي : cherry_blossom : : cherry_blossom :
حلو جدا انا بصراحه بسمع كل الاغني من عليه
تطبيق جميل وسلس
انه تطبيق راءع لكنه عندما التوجد انترنيت لايستجيب لطلباتك
التطبيق حلو في كل حاجة ممكن تسمعها بس لو البرنامج يقلل الاعلانات شوية
برنامج جميل جدا وفي كل الاغاني واطلب انا يغيرو اشكال فيه ليكون ممتع وجميل ويسحق اربع نجوم
الصراحه التطبيق جميل جدا لكن لمن اسمع اغنيه وحده بس واجي اغيرها يحط لي اغنيه ثانيه غير الي انا اخترتها ما ادري المشكله من التطبيق او من ايبادي نفسه
تطبيق اسطوري : rose :
EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS رائع
تطبيق رائع جدا : smiling_face_with_hearts : EMO_POS
جميل بجد
بس
رائع انا احبه ولكن هو ليس بالمجان
والله من اجمل التطبيقات
كان التطبيق اسطوريا
تطبيقات ممصاري لاكن يمكن السماء الغني بدون مصاريف
طبيق جدا راقي
عاش بجد
روعة EMO_POS
حلو اوي اوي
توحفه : raised_hand_dark_skin_tone :
جميل اوي
This wonderful app is not available in my country , Sudan . Please look into this matter .
جميل اوي EMO_POS
يذلك حتي تشترك بريميم
هذا تطبيق جيد جدا وانا اقيمه ١٠/١٠
اغاني يلي فيه مرة رائعة حلوة و انصحكم فيه : rose : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : ribbon : : heart_suit :
احلا برنامج شوفتو
حلو بس ياريت تشيلوا الاشترالاك
افضل تطبيق اغاني في العالم
تحفه ه لازم يكون عند كلو : heart_on_fire :
برنامج جميل بس مشكلتها ال بس مشكله اللي هو مشكله اللي هو مش بيشتغل غير المواهب في نت
المشكله ان التطبيق عاوز فلوس عشان تنزل الاغاني
More than one shepherd
كل شيء تمام
the pest app
من اجمل الاغاني
مرة حلو
احسن تطبيق بنصحكو تنزلو
I love it .
so cool
جيد جدا افضل الموسيقي
تحفه بس قللو الاعلانات
ممتع جدا
انه افضل تطبيق اغنية
جميل جدا و ستمتاع جيد
الصوت الاصلي
التطبيق به جميع الاغاني وهو مجاني
التطبيق حلو بالنسبة للبودكاست ياريت لو تضيفوا 20 دقيقةلل timer
مميز وجميل
جامد وانا مبسمعش غير منه
احسن حاجه بتغير مودي
يخبل ويفيد للدراسه
في مجال اتزوج تطبيقكم ؟
افضل تطبيق علي الاطلاق EMO_POS : speaking_head :
ممتاز سماع القران والبوداكاست
جيد جداا
كانت حلوة وبيجيب اغاني حتي لو المغني ده مش عندي
لان الاغاني مش بتشتغل لازم اشتراك او تشتغل اغني انا مش عايزاها طيب انا عايزه اسمع الاغاني من غير اشتراك و انا بسمع كمان ب انترنت ف اعمل ايه تاني بس من غير المشكله دي البرنامج خمس نجوم ارجو اصبحوا المشكله
البرنامج الجميل ولكن لانه لا يشتغل خارج المنزل بسبب الانترنت شاليهات السبب وضعت اربع نجوم
الحقيقة تطبيق ممتاز ولطيف وفيه اغاني كتير متوعه
تطبيق في كل الاغاني الي مش بلقيها شكرا للصناعة بصراحة
تطبيق جميل
: boomerang : EMO_POS EMO_POS
تطبيق جامد
اعلان كتير جدا و حاجه رخمه
تطبيق رائع بصراحة : ok_hand : خدام مزيان وسريع شكرا للمطورين
الطيبيق ممتاز جدا وفيه سرعه في تنفيذ عملية البحث واحضر المحتوي المطلوب علي جميع الساحه الغنائية
exquisite
تطبيق جدا ممتازة
هو هو Spotify ياعم
تجنن مره في اغاني تجنن : loudly_crying_face : : growing_heart : .
احسن تطبيق اجربه اقدر احط قران وانتم بعد
خايسه
احسن تطبيق للغني
انه تطبيق رائع جدا انصح الكل بتبيته : kiss_mark :
بالتوفيق
تحفه بس لما احمل الاغنيه مش بتشتغل من غير نت اريد رقم الدعم لاتصل بكم
الله يعطيك العافيه
احسن برنامج في العالم
يخبل التطبيق
تطبيق ابن متناk اعلان كتير
جميل : two_hearts : EMO_POS
تطبيق يجنن
مره حلو يجنن ياليت مافي اشتراك وبس
ممتاز بارك الله
احل شي تكرد شغل اغاني او القران
تحربه اصطوريه : grinning_squinting_face : شكرا : smiling_face_with_hearts :
سيء جدا جدا
كي لخرا
والله تحفه
تطبق موسيقاجميل
جميل ولكن تنقصه بعض الاشياء
bad app every song you need to spin mony
فوضا
تطبيق جيد جدا لاكن لاعلانات مزعجة
جيد جدا لكن اتمني لو كان مجانيا
تحفه بجد يلا نزلو وخلاص كده كده انتو مش هيهمكو رايي نزلوا وخلاص اي هري بقي
كلش كلش حلو خاصة جودة الاغاني والصوت : heart_exclamation : : heart_exclamation : : heart_exclamation :
ممتعة
الكثير من اعلانات
ماخران مبقاش تطبق هوا هديك نتمنوا يحالوا المشكيال
رائع جداا
is amazing : clapping_hands : : raising_hands : EMO_POS EMO_POS : heart_suit : : sparkling_heart :
كل الاغاني
احلا ططبيك : face_blowing_a_kiss :
wow EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
تطبيق حلو ولكن لايمكنني تثبيته
هذا تطبيق رائع جدا
جميل رائع جدا
روعه احبكم
لاعيد التقييم لاحقا
فنتاستاك
جوي افضل تطبيق
حرفيا هذا احسن واحلا تطبيق للاغاني وفية كل الاغاني اسيوية واحنبية وعربية حرفياا تطبيقي المفضلل : kiss_mark : : kiss_mark : : loudly_crying_face :
اوف اشو ظريف
يعني ايه يعني ميخلنيش اختار الاغاني اللي انا عوزاها لازم ادفع اشتراك شهري عشان اسمع اللي انا عوزاه بجد التطبيق بقي وحش جدا ! ! ! ! ! ارجوا حل المشكلة دي باسرع وقت
وحش لانه قفل عندي و مش راضي يفتح حدثته و برضه علي حاله
كتيرر يجنن
EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS EMO_POS
عادل
انه جيد جدن
Beautiful app
اجمل طتبيق لسماع الموسيقي
الاعلانات دي ايه لازمتها ان مش بحب الاعلانات اللي بتظهر لاكن من غير الاعلانات ياخد ٥ نجوم
مزهل
ممتع جدا و في كل الاغاني
والله فخم
اسطوري : fire : : fire :
تطبيق ممتاز جدا استماع اغاني او قراءن كريم جيد جدا
كلش حلو واسمع الغاني وانا العب
تحفه جدا جدا
برنامج جديد لو ما رحتش افرمت لك وش امك في الجنه يا رب نكون قد وفقنا الله
انها تجربه جميله واغاني راقيه وجوده عاليه
tearda
الاغاني حلوهع وفي اغني اكتشفتها وحلوه حملو سبوتيفاي
جميله جدا جدا
kana fi awali mara momtaz walakina al ana lam ya3od hada tatbi9 ya3mal bi cjakel jayid
واو بنثح تجربو
حلو التطبيق بس يا ريت يقللو الاعلانات
المفروض ياخد 10 نجوم مش خمسة بس
good mood : last_quarter_moon_face : : revolving_hearts :
والله احسن برنامج بس لو مش بانت كان جامد جدا
صعب بالنسبه لي
ليس لديه اي شيء اقوله معاده مثل هذا التطبيق مافي : musical_notes : : smiling_face_with_sunglasses :
جيد لاكن العلنات مزعجة وسيكون افضل لو كان الاشتراك مجاني مدي الحياة يكفي ان التطبيق يعمل بالانترنت حرام اتفع اشتراك شهري للاغاني وانا مش لاقي اكل
برنامج جميل جدا ومفيد جدا EMO_POS
اروع تطبيق اغاني
واعرة بزاف EMO_POS : smiling_face_with_hearts :
سيء جدا واستغلالي
تحفه بصراحه تحفه
Best app for ever : green_heart : : black_heart :
حلوخلظ
راءع
حلوو
صوت جودة عالية وسهولة الاستخدام جميل ولا يوجد بديل
تحفهه اوي
: heart_on_fire : : heart_on_fire : : heart_on_fire : : saluting_face : : saluting_face :
الاغاني في تحفه
جميل جدن
جہيہد 𝑔𝑜𝑜𝑑
راجع
حلو جدا
بيبي : ribbon : : disappointed_face :
واو
هو برنامج ممتاز جدا جدا جدا لو عاوز تسمع موسيقي حلوه انصحك برنامج ده
التطبيق ما اخذ نجمة الا لانه استغلالي بحت مثال علي استقلاليته - نظام التشغيل العشوائي - هذا دليل قاطع علي انه يريد يجبر المستخدم انه يدفع عشان يدخل في البريميم ، بالكاد حتي تقدر تسمع اغنية مرتين . . . في الاخير الاغنية الي انا اريد اسمعها اختيار شخصي مني مو منكم . - نظام الحفظ - لما تحفظ اغنية في قائمة معينة ما راح تسمعها كلها لا ، راح تسمع جزء صغير منها ولازم تشترك عشان تسمعها كلها ، وذا برضه واضح انه اجبار مستخدم - نظام الاستماع - لما تدخل عند صفحة مغني معين او البوم راح تشوف اسماء الاغاني مب اغاني
كويس اوي
زباله معفن
ZWINABZAF
جميل و رائع جدا ( اخوكم من العراق )
اقول ريقي علي هذا الطبق جامد جدا : hot_face :
تطبيق مدي جدا
التطبيق عشان تختار اغنيه عايز تسمعها لازم تدفع فلوس تجربه وحشه لو ينفع القيمه نص نجمه كنت عملت
تطبيق لا يريد الدخول من رقم الهاتف
احسن تطبيق اغاني في العالم
تطبيق اسطوري : crown : : green_heart : : raised_fist : : sparkles :
Good music
الطرب اذا كان تطبيق
روعة والله غير جربوه EMO_POS : two_hearts : : fire :
كلش حلو
كان هذا ممتعا
انه تطبيق جميل
واو شي رهيب والله استمرو
حلوقوي
التطبيق حلو جدا يستاهل اكتر من خمس نجوم و عليه كل الاغاني القديمه و الجديده ومجاني وعليه اغاني و اناشيد وقران باحلي صوت
البرنامج جميل جدا جدا اي اغنية تريد يمكنك ان تجدها في هذا البرنامج انصح به بشدة : star :
العلم
love killing children
schön
it's so amazingly
تطبيق رائع جدا : smiling_face_with_hearts :
التطبيق جيد لكن اريد ان تعود ميزة تكرار الاغنية سيكون افضل
تحفه بجد
كل حاجه في حلاوه مميزه : relieved_face :
ممتاز والله
جميل جدا في سؤال هل يمكنني استعمال هذه الموسيقي كنغمة رنين
: biting_lip : Spotify LVOE : mouth : BTS : kiss_mark :
بحبه
جامد اوي اوي اوي
تجربتي كانت رائعة جدا جدا و شكرا
سماع القران والبوداكست علي هذا البرنامج فوق الخيال
دائما استخدمه
السلام عليكم ورحمة الله وبركاتة التجربة كانت جيد جدا
단연 최고의 앱입니다 .
واو حتي القران فيه : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : heart_hands : : heart_hands : EMO_POS EMO_POS : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
رائعه جدا جدا بسب BTS : mending_heart :
تطبيق ممتاز جدا وممكن نشغل عليه اي حاجه من غير اعلانات وممكن تفتح قواءم التشغيل بدون نت
بجنن : growing_heart : : growing_heart : : growing_heart : : growing_heart : : growing_heart : : growing_heart : : growing_heart : : growing_heart : : growing_heart : : growing_heart : : growing_heart : : growing_heart : : growing_heart : : growing_heart : : first_quarter_moon_face : : first_quarter_moon_face : : growing_heart : : growing_heart : : growing_heart : : growing_heart : : growing_heart : : growing_heart : : growing_heart : : growing_heart : : growing_heart : : growing_heart : : growing_heart : : growing_heart :
سيء جدا وفيه اعلانات وغير مجاني وما تقدر تسمع الاغنيه اكتر من مره وما تقدر تتخطي الاغنيه اذا ما اعجبتك ويشغل لحاله
تطبيق جيد جدا
افضل تطبيق EMO_POS : heart_on_fire : : heart_on_fire : : heart_on_fire : .
تطبيق رائع : star - struck :
يعني 3 نجوم حلوين عليه
ahsan tatbi9 dyal lmoi9a
تطبيق رائع لاكن مشكلته الاعلانات كتير
ttbi9 zwin bzaf EMO_POS EMO_POS
الاغاني حلوه موت
تطبيق يجنن بس مشكلته الاعلانات : thumbs_up_light_skin_tone : : china : : south_korea : : growing_heart :
التطبيق يجن افضل تطبيق اغاني الي الان بالنسبه لي : tulip :
اسلام عليكم البرنامج جميل جدا جدا جدا ولاكن في عيب الاعلانات كتيره لو شلتو الاعلانات هيبقي جامد
افضل تطبيق في الكون
تحفه مبيستهلكش نت كتير في اي حاجه تتسمع قصه وحجات كتير مش اغاني بس
ممتاز . تحياتي لكم
good EMO_POS like
very good : hundred_points : : hundred_points :
ممتاز واسعار منافسه
ممتاز ومفيد
جيدة جدا يساعد في اختيار الرحلة المناسبة بالسعر الارخص
افضل برنامج
سئ جدا وغير مسؤل عن الحجوزات في حاله الالغاء او التغير
اسعار ايجابية جدا
خدمة العملاء لا ترد بسرعه بحجة الاوضاع الحاليه هي خدمة العملاء مالها ومال الاوضاع الحاليه ولا يستاهل اي نجمه
بدون كلام
ممتاز جدا بس ليه بيتغير السعر عند الدفع بيكون غير سعر البحث
لا انصح اي شخص بالتعامل معاهم تطبيق سئ جدا حجزت مواعيد طيران ولكن شركات الطيران لغت الحجز نظرا لاغلاق المجال الجوي اكثر من ٤ ايام احاول اتواصل معاهم علشان استكمل عمليه استرجاع المبلغ او حل لتغير المواعيد مثل ما قالت لي شركات الطيران مفيش حد يتواصل ولا حد بيرد وابعت ايميلات قمه الاهمال اكثر من ٤ او ٥ ايام مفيش رد ولا اهتمام حتي لو في ضغط مش معقوله عدم الرد لاكتر من ٤ ايام نرن علي ارقامهم نفس الشئ حاجه مش طبيعيه بجد وسئ جدا التعامل بالشكل دا
رائع وعازينه يكون دقيق بالاسعار
متفاءل
تطبيق جميل ومريح جدا : rose :
ممتاز يجمع لك عدة خطوط في مكان واحد وسهل وسريع واسعاره افضل
لم استخدمه حتي الان
ممتاز ممتاز ممتاز
افضل تطبيق استخدمه منذ اكثر من 11سنة
الاسعار تختلف عند الحج . تطبيق زبالة
برنامج غير موثوق فيه والوكلاء اللي فيه غير موثوق فيه
روعه ماشاء الله
برنامج اي كلام
مقبول الي حد ما
غير راضي
ممتاز ومفيد جدا
ممتاز وجميل خدمه ومصداقية
يجب تقديم معلومات عن موصفات الحجز مثل المسافة بين المقاعد وهل يوجد وجبات مجانية
ممتتاز
Very good and excellent
تجربة ممتازة وجزا الله خيرا كل من قائم بهذا التطبيق
جميل جميل جميل جميل
رائع جدا واستقبال ممتاز جدا
ما في مصداقيه في اغلب التذاكر
برنامج راءع
تطبيق حالك حلوة جميلة جدا
برنامج رائع واخلاق الموظف الاستاذ ( جاسر ) عالية جدا وكان تعامله راقيا جدا
نصابين والله انصح ما حد يحجز من عليه
تجربة مثاليه
ممتاز وسهل لكن بدا يرفع في الاسعار وتاني شيء بدا يجيب مواقع اخري غير موثوقة
تطبيق رائع وتعامل الاستاذ هشام امام فوق الوصف وممتاز جدا
ممتازة رحله طائره سعودي
ممتاذ EMO_POS
جميل ورائع
: star - struck : : star - struck : : star - struck : : star - struck : : star - struck : : star - struck : : star - struck : : star - struck :
رائع وانصح به
تطبيق رائع للاندرويد و ممتاز جدا
very nice : ok_hand :
من خلال التصفح والبحث يبدوا انه تطبيق رائع جدا
very good application
اوك
ممتاز جدا بارك الله فيكم
معا الاسف حجزت فندق في مكه وتم خصم المبلغ اروح الفندق مافي حجز تعامل الموظف سياء وخدمه سيئة حسبي الله ونعم الوكيل
روعه ماشاءالله
تطبيق يحقق الغايات
EMO_POS nice
تطبيق رائع واحترافية عالية جدا شكرا جزيلا
تبقون الافظل
لم اتعرف عليه بعد
جميبيبييل
دائما استخدم هذا الموقع للحجز
ممتاز وسهل وامن جدا جدا جدا
ليس مفيد تعطي سعر وعند الدفع تزايد فوق ١٠٠ درهم
يتم زيادة اسعار التذاكر كلما زاد بحثك
مميز جدا
برنامج جيد جدا ومفيد
التعامل معهم امن
جيد انصح به
تطبيق ممتاز وسهل وواضح
برنامج رائع وممتاز وجميل
ممتاز جدا للغاية EMO_POS
منيح
تجربه مميزه جدا سرعه في الرد والاستفسار وفي كافة امورهم مميزين
جميل البرنامج وممتاز خدمه العملاء خاصه الموظف مصطفي ماهر الله يعطيه العافيه .
شكرا لخدمه عملاء ويجو مستر هشام امام ذوق جدا والله ما قصر ابدا
طيب مافي ل صنعاء ولا لسي مافتحوه تعبنا والله نقل بري
verg nice
برنامج جيد
رائع : smiling_face_with_sunglasses :
طببيق ممتاز
مفيدجدا
رائع جدا . . . الافضل بلا منازع
Extremely Poor Experience with Wego Hotel Booking , I booked Khalidiya Hotel in Dubai for three nights through the Wego application . The full amount was charged , and a booking confirmation was issued . Upon arrival , the hotel informed me that no reservation existed under my name and that no rooms were available . Despite providing the official booking reference , the issue was not resolved . I waited at the hotel for over three hours and was forced to arrange alternative accommodation at my own expens
تعامل محترم وجاد جدا . . وناس ذوق . . . وخدمة عملاء ممتازة . فعلا ساعدونا كتير . . .
برنامج محترم
ممتازة الخدمة
ممتاز ودقيق
مفيدة
جيد جدا برنامج سهل الاستخدام وسريع جدا شكرا علي المقيمين علي البرنامج اتمني للجميع تنزيل البرنامج الرائع
حاجه محترمه وان شاء الله يكون عند حسن ظني فيه وحسن ظنكم في هذا التطبيق : white_heart :
تطبيق ممتاز وامن
عظيمة للغايه ولكن ارجو اتمام الاسترداد في وقت اقل
يساعدني كثير
Ten out of ten
الي الان جيد
شيق
تطبيق جميل جدا واسعار خيال
جيد جدا ورائع
اصبح اسواء البرامج من خلال توجيهك للسداد من خلال المسافر يرفع السعر كتير جدا
معظم التذاكر السعر مختلف للاسف
ممتاز جداجدا
فكل رحلة اسافرها لازم ابحث في ويقو EMO_POS
اسوا برنامج استخدمتو . تجربة سيئه جدا للدعم الفني الرقم المصري ( طيور الهدي ) اكثر من نص ساعة علي الانتظار وماحدا رد مع العلم كاتبين خدمة 24/24 باختصار بعد الغاء الرحلة لاسباب جوية لم استطع الحصول علي دعم فني من البرنامج لا انصح به
برنامج فوق الممتاز سهوله في التصفح والاستخدام
شكرا ويكو
ممتاز بارك الله ف القائمين علي العمل فيه
تطبيق عظيم
للاسف خدمة عملاء سيئة جدا وغير متعاونين ولا انصح بالتعامل معهم
تطبيق Wego ممتاز من حيث المصداقيه والاسعار والمواعيد
مفيد ومتنوع
حلو لسا مستعمله
خدمة ممتازة . . . نسال الله تعالي ان يوفقكم ويجزيكم عنا كل خير . .
لم اجد اي تفاصيل عن الحقائب او تعديلها حتي لو كانت موجوده فانا عميل لست غبي ولم اعثر عليها بسهوله مما يعطي انطباع غير جيد وفورا خرجت وحجزت مت موقع اخر البيانات واضحة فيه بدون الغاز
جدا خطير
تطبيق ممتاز شكرا لكم
الاسعار عالية
برنامج ويجوه جميل جدا وسهل الاستخدام موظفة / رحمه رضا لطيفة جدا وحبوبة في تعامل مع العملاء . . شكرا جزيلا . . . لكم
جيد جدا في التعامل
افضل تطبيق تعاملت معه
تطبيق جميل جدا جدا
مشاء الله ممتاز
جيد محتواه مفيد
رائع مع كوبونات الخصم
عند تحميل التطبيق تحصل سعر طيب وبعدها ترفع الاسعار
شكرا لجهودكم
اكثر من ممتاز
ممتازة جدا
معيي يشتغل ، مايطلع لي مواقع الي انا ابيه وا حتي فندق مايطلع لي شي
موقع محترم خدمة محترمة شكرا استاذ مصطفي ابراهيم
حلو سهل
طول عمري اتعامل مع ويجو ولكن للاسف اخر تجربه لي كانت تجربه سيئه تم خصم المبلغ ولم يتم حجز التذكره ولم يتم استرداد المبلغ الي الان من تاريخ 16 /12/2025 وتواصلت معهم بكل الطرق دون جدوي
يعرض اسعار فقط لا يتمم المعاملة نهائيا الي الاخر لحجز التيكت و دفع المبلغ المعروض
ممتاز واكثر من رائع
اذا واجهتك مشكلة لايوجد من تتكلم معه او يتنازل احد ويرد تجربة سيئة جدا جدا
٧ سيخ تعالي عمي يعني قميص ما قصف ٧ خلق ثق هعملك بلوك من كل شي تمام الحمدلله وانتي كيفك وكيف البنات والعيال عاملين ايه في موضوع مهم جدا جدا جدا جدا والله انا ما اعرف والله بس انا والله اني احبك في الله يا غالي ربنا يبارك في ايامك والله ما ٤خفققعهغثق3 والله اني احبك في الله يا غالي ربنا يبارك في ايامك يا عسل والله عسل والله بحبك بحبك بحبك بحبك بحبك بحبك بحبك والله العظيم اني ما اقدر والله ما ادري وش اقول لك شي من البقاله الي في القروب الثاني من وين منe اليمن خل من بقه يصرخ ثثغعفبيصهفقخبغدذنط h
موقع ممتاز يسهل الحجز
جيد جدا ومفيد
Ich werde die App löschen und mir eine andere suchen . Buchen ist zwar einfach , aber wenn man die Reise ändern , stornieren oder anpassen muss , ist es ein Schock , dass man keinen Mitarbeiter erreichen kann , so wie es mir passiert ist . Ich habe es fünf Tage lang versucht , und als ich endlich mein Problem schildern konnte , sagte sie nur „fünf Minuten“ und beendete das Gespräch ohne Lösung . Früher war es gut , aber mittlerweile ist es meiner Meinung nach einfacher , den Mars zu erreichen , als Booking
تعمل
لماذا التحديث الجديد لايوجد لغة عربية ؟
لماذا تعطل عندي
good : face_blowing_a_kiss : : face_blowing_a_kiss : : face_blowing_a_kiss : EMO_POS
Es wird Ihnen schwerfallen , mit ihnen zu kommunizieren und etwaige Probleme zu lösen , einschließlich der Rückerstattung nach einer Stornierung der Reise . Ich kann sie absolut nicht empfehlen .
يرفض تسجيل دخول التطبيق
برنامج يسهل عليك ويعطيك خصومات
تحت تجربه
م لله كم تكلمنا
شركة غير محترمة ما ردو وكمان اخذولي فلوسي
من ١٥ سنة و انا معهم و مرتاحة و لله الحمد و اي مشكلة يتم حلها شكرا بوكينج
الحجز مريح جدا عن طريق الموقع
سهله الاستخدام
ASISMHAMAD
مميز واستخدمه منذ اكثر من ١٥ عام
تطبيق رايع وخدوم ويساعد في تخفيض نصف الاسعار ومعتمد في جميع الفنادق
: two_hearts : تطبيق ولا اروع : two_hearts :
: rose : : rose : : rose :
دجال عمر ودالناقي mkmk0909 mkmk0909 mkmk0909 mkmk0909 mkmk0909 mkmk0909 mkmk0909
صمم هذه الفتاة يحصن هذه الشخص ويسيل قبله من قشمو دون تغيير ملامح الوجوح
جميل جدا وسهل للاستخدام
ادم غلي 2026
: clapping_hands : : ok_hand :
سكسي سكسي
Top EMO_POS
شكرا انتم الافضل
والله برزقه وباكد اسوء تطبيق تحجز عليه نفس التطبيق ما بلتزم بالشروط اللي هو حاطها والله ما بنصح حدا يجرب يروح عليه
طبيق جميل وريدتطويره
اما اقطع تذكرة اوكيه ، واستني الدفع اكلم العميل يقول لي استني من 24 ساعة 48 ساعة والحجز بتاعك هيتكمل . وبعد ما استني اجي ، اكلم العميل يقول لي بعتذر الحجز . بتاعك لم يتم دا اسم تهريب لما تبقي شركة عالمية وتتحقو علينا بالنسبة ليا ، ان مقاليش تفسير . عن اللي ، حصل اول واخر مرة ها تعامل مع الشركة
رائع متوفر فيه جميع الخيارات
برنامج مفيد وقيم .
للاسف عندي تجارب كثيرة معهم لكن اخر تجربتين كانوا سيئين جدا واحدة كانت من شهرين تقريبا حجزنا فندق وعندما وصلنا للفندق تفاجانا بان الفندق يخبرنا بانه لا يوجد اماكن فاضية واضطررت لالغاء رحلتي والعودة الي الرياض المرة الثانية كانت اليوم حجزنا فندق بحي اجياد وقام الفندق بارسال الموقع لنا وعندما وصلنا من الرياض اخبرنا ممثل الفندق باننا يجب علينا الذهاب الي العزيزية ولا يوجد اماكن فاضية هنا ومثل المرة الاولي عملت عمرتي ورجعت للرياض
سرعة الانجاز وسهولة الخدمة
thank you : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
تذكره ملغيه ليه 3شهور مفيش استرداد مع العلم الوقت القانوني 14 يوم عمل
حجز فندقي
جيد EMO_POS
جدا سهل الحجز فيه
اسوا تجربة ولن تتكرر باذن الله
لا يقبل تسجيل الدخول علي الايميل الخاص بي
ابداع في الخدمات
تطبيق ممتااز جدا
اروع موقع لحجز الفنادق
مقبول .
رائع وممتاز جدا
مبدعين
يؤمن سهولة الحجز
An excellent application : smiling_face :
شكرا بوكنج علي الخدمه الممتازه
حتي لم اعرف جد
تعجبني عروضهم ولكن بعض الاحيان تطلع لك رسوم اضافيه وتخرب عليك الحسابات ويزيد المبلغ . . نتمني الوضوح والشفافيه ف الاسعار
سهولة البحث والخيارات
خدمه ممتازه واسعار ارخص
لا اريد هذه التطبيق
لايوجد حللول لمشاكل العملاء . . وعدم رد المبالغ فقط المماطلة . ولا انصح بالتعامل . اهم شيء يحصل علي المبلغ وبعد ذالك لايتجاوب . وكذالك اي فندق يطلب الدفع مقدما عن طريق بوكنج لاتدفعون بالبطاقة . .
انه جيد جدا
غير مضمون
حجوزات موثوقه سهل التعامل والغاء الحجز متاح بالتوفيق
جيد سريع .
يوجد مشكله احيانا تظهر خانة حجز الطيران واحيانا تختفي لا وجود لها صار لها يومين
افضل برنامج حجز
فوق جميل
الرجاء تحديد شقق اكثر
السرعه وسهولة الحجز
Sehr schön
اسعاره دائما اغلي من الفنادق و كانك عم تحط سمسار معك the price always higher than hotels because the app want money for it
شكرا لك
ضخم
افضل تطبيق لحجز فنادق و موثوق
شكرا لكم
افضل واسرع واروع الشي
لاغني عنكم رائعين
Fremragende
ما شاء الله
امتياز
ممتاز جدا للحجوزات و لا غلطه
مزعج
موتور ممتاز
موقعي المفضل لحجز الفنادق
خمس : glowing_star : : night_with_stars :
تطبيق احتيالي
من افضل المواقع للفنادق واوثقها
غالي
رؤؤعة
مفيد للغاية
موقع موثوق
بطل
ريح راسك واحجز بدري
Sehr Good
مصداقية وتنافسية
من اجمل التطبيقات وتحجز فيه وانت مرتاح واسعار مره حلوه
سريع وجيد
احلي حجز
اتمني زيادة عدد الفنادق ؟
سهل
سهل ويعطي خيارات متعددة للسكن
تطبيق ممتاز ورائع ، فادني كثير في حجوزاتي ، شكرا لكم
حسن جيدا مرحبا
موقع جدا مريح
تطبيق جميل جدا و مفيد و رائع اتمني لگم التقدم دائما
بوكينج لم يعد مثل سابقا تم الحجز عن طريقه في الكويت وحسم المبلغ ونمنا بعدها في الشارع والي اليوم الموضوع رغم تقدمي بشكواء
تقدر تلقي فيه الفندق اللي تبغاه
اختياري في جميع رحلاتي
ممتاز جدا جدا الجسر الموثوق و المضمون و للحجوزات
حسب تجربتي لا تحجز من عندهم طيران لانك بتتعب اذا بتعدل لان خدمة عملاء اسواء خدمة ممكن تمر عليك
ان شاء الله تعجبنا
ريع
اللهم تجاوز عنهم وبارك لهم وبارك فيهم
شكرا لك علي التواصل الاجتماعي المطور
افضل اسعار وافضل موقع حجوزات حول العالم
ممتازين جدا
تطبيق ممتاز وسهل
زفت اسعاره غاليه علي قل سنع
حجزت في فالنسيا كان افضل
لم اجربه فيه انتقادات
تطبيق تحويل حالك حلوة
بطي جدا مايشتغل
البرنامج لايعمل
bien
راقي
رهيب
تغير العمل غير طبيعي
​I booked a flexible flight for €186 , which supposedly allowed one free change up to 24 hours before departure . For the last ten days , I have been in constant contact with customer service . I even paid an additional €45 for the price difference , yet my flight remains unchanged . Every agent tells me to "wait a few hours" and that they will resolve it , but nothing happens . Their customer support is useless and lacks the authority to actually fix issues . I am still waiting for a result while my fli
شكرن
قوة
حلو مشاء الله متفاعلين : ok_hand : : ok_hand : : ok_hand : : smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes :
ممتاز جدا تعامل راقي نظافة خدمة موظفين يستحق 5 نجمة
في تزوير
: hand_with_index_finger_and_thumb_crossed : : hand_with_index_finger_and_thumb_crossed : : hand_with_index_finger_and_thumb_crossed : : hand_with_index_finger_and_thumb_crossed : : hand_with_index_finger_and_thumb_crossed : : hand_with_index_finger_and_thumb_crossed : : hand_with_index_finger_and_thumb_crossed : : hand_with_index_finger_and_thumb_crossed : : hand_with_index_finger_and_thumb_crossed : : hand_with_index_finger_and_thumb_crossed : : hand_with_index_finger_and_thumb_crossed : : hand_with_index_finger_and_thumb_crossed :
, : smiling_face_with_hearts : : smiling_face_with_hearts : : morocco : : morocco : : morocco :
ماشاء الله تبارك الله ماايسيتاهل ولا نجمه نجمه التعلقتة علشان التعلقتة وجاري الحذف
ممناز جدا جدا
شكرا علي جهودكم والتوافق بين الزبون والمستثمر
افضل تطبيق ويفرق سعر اول ما تشتري من التطبيق و في الحقيقه
good Job : flexed_biceps :
البرنامج حدثته وصار يعلق حيل
The application has become extremely bad and does not care about customers . It contains false information , unreal locations and directions , and unrealistic photos of some hotels , without making any effort to verify them . Despite this , it does not refund booking fees even after multiple complaints . Some hotels reduce their prices after the booking is made . I informed them about this , and the Booking app staff asked me to provide an invoice from the hotel . They verified themselves that the price
رائع : star - struck : جدا
ممتازه انصح به
البرنامج كويس بس لي بينزل السعر بالجنيه وانا اصلا ف السعوديه حاولت كذا مره اغيره ل ريال معرفتش
One of the best programs for bookings , thank you .
تطبيق ممتاز وسهل جدا
افضل تطبيقات حجوزات الشقق والفنادق والمنتجعات
you the best experience on your trip
تعامل سي
جدا رائع .
تطبيق فاشل وسي وغيرممتاز
برنامج كويس جداد
Es ist schön
رهيب هو
heart
تجربة سيئة جدا
قوه
تجربه جيده
تطبيق جيد
مكافاتكم لنا قليله
سيء مافي فايده من جينوس
افضل موقع علي الاطلاق
خدمات ممتازه ومعامله سهله
تطبيق ممتاز يقدم الكثير من المساعدة .
تجاري
The option or icon for booking flight tickets is not available in the application . I contacted your team via live chat and explained to them the problem of not showing the flight booking option . They responded to my complaint by saying that they are not responsible for this problem and told me that they can only help me with quarantine issues , errors , etc . It is happen again same problem . why? So bad app . even is not save app sometimes because in October I booked in hotel & they was scam
تجربتي جيدة جدا
very very nice
Col
تطبيق رائع وممتاز
فاشل سندباد افضل
موقع موثوق للحجز عبر الانترنت
خدمة عملاء غير مرضية ابدا EMO_NEG EMO_NEG EMO_NEG EMO_NEG
سهل وبسيط
برنامج جيد اريد فقط اضافة صورتي
A link to update the app appears , but when I click on it and select the store , the update doesn't happen ! ! !
فنان
متاز
جيدا جدا ، استخدمته اثناء السفر وكان مفيدا
يوفر الوقت والجهد
اخر مره الحجوزات كلها كذه ويتم الغاء الحجوزات من قبل مسؤال الحجز بكيف حجزت مره ثانيه جابو الموقع ورقم الا يجيب وغير مستخدم هاذه يثبت انه في نصب
جميل جدا EMO_POS
النوقع ممتاز ان حجزتومعاهم كم مره واصبحت جست 3 في بنفت كويسه
ماشاء الله تبارك تبارك تبارك تبارك نجمه نجمه نجمه علشان التعلقتة وجاري الحذف
تميز جدا
سهولة الاستخدام وممتاز جدا
احب هذا التطبيق منذ زمن
مفيدة ومريح للحجوزات
عب صح ولا
التطبيق جيد لا شك في ذلك ولكن استرجاع المبلغ غيرجيد
خيبه
تطبيق ممتاز وسهل ويوفر حجوزات للفنادق والطيران لجميع دول العالم . . . انصح باستخدامه . . . .
غرف المستقبل غير نضاميه
جدا رائع
شكرا : rose : : rose : : rose : : rose :
my review after dealing with booking is zero . 1 . alot of apps gives less price . 2 . Confirmed bookings 100% . 3 . free customer service calls . 4 . Strong and competitive offers compared to other programs , and discounted prices for members .
